Til Debt Do Us Part	reality,finance,marriage	Money can't buy you love. But keeping love alive without money can be pretty tough. In fact, ninety percent of marriage breakups are due to money problems. And to get advice on how to manage money usually costs money! Til Debt Do Us Part, is a series that offers tough-love solutions to those willing to face their financial troubles head on. In each episode we meet a couple in crisis. Some are on the verge of bankruptcy, hounded by creditors or facing eviction. Others are just getting by, but in the midst of a personal meltdown or relationship breakdown because of money issues. With the sensitivity of a therapist and the toughness of a CFO, our host, renowned financial author and columnist, Gail Vaz-Oxlade reveals what she's found in a couple's finances - and then she'll dig a little deeper. She asks some tough questions and then they'll be forced to face reality. Where will it end if they continue on this rocky road? To get things back on track, Gail takes control of their finances for one month. She devises a strict budget and enforces some dramatic changes. A two-car family may become a one-car; or no-car family. The new hair salon may become the corner barbershop and goodbye fancy lattes - hello thermos. All credit cards and debit cards are taken away and their only discretionary cash is a weekly allowance. Gail makes regular house calls to deliver the week's allowance and assigns a new challenge for the couple to make them confront bad money habits and to help get their relationship back on track. At the end of the month, we find out how well they've done - how much did they save, what did they learn about money, themselves and each other? What is the new forecast for their finances and relationship? Gail can reward them with cash based on how well they did on their challenges. In addition, she always surprises them with a small but thoughtful gift, certain to generate hugs and the occasional tear. Til Debt Do Us Part is a dramatic and fun series that shows how bad it can get and how to get out from under	Til Debt Do Us Part is a Canadian television series produced by Frantic Films for Slice in Canada, Zone Reality in the United Kingdom and AmericanLife TV Network and CNBC in the USA.[1] It is hosted by Gail Vaz-Oxlade, who each week visits a couple who are in debt and having relationship troubles.[2] The participants are given weekly challenges, some of which are to help bring the finances and debt under control, with the others meant to help the couple's relationship. At the end of one month, Vaz-Oxlade gives the couple a cheque for an amount up to $5,000, depending on how well they did during the challenges.	A reality show hosted by Gail Vaz-Oxlade, who each week visits a couple who are in debt and having relationship troubles.  The participants are given weekly challenges, some of which are to help bring the finances and debt under control, with the others meant to help the couple's relationship. At the end of one month, Vaz-Oxlade gives the couple a cheque for an amount up to $5,000, depending on how well they did during the challenges.	
Ultimate Factories	documentary,howto	-	Ultimate Factories also known as Megafactories is an American documentary television series that premiered in 2006 on the National Geographic Channel. The program explores the inner workings of factories worldwide. Each episode profiles the machinery and manpower behind each factory's main product, featuring close-ups, breakdowns, interviews, and side stories to show the sequence of events to produce the product in the factory. Hoff Productions was one of the principal producers of this highly successful series. It also airs in non-US markets as Megafactories.	Explore the inner workings of factories worldwide. Each episode profiles the machinery and manpower behind each factory's main product, featuring close-ups, breakdowns, interviews, and side stories to show the sequence of events to produce the product in the factory.	
The Suze Orman Show	finance,commentary	A weekly live-to-tape TV special of well-known personal finance expert Suze Orman's radio broadcast of "The Suze Orman Show."	Susan Lynn "Suze" Orman (born June 5, 1951) is an American financial advisor, author, motivational speaker, and television host. Orman was born in Chicago and received her B.A. in social work. She worked as a waitress in Berkeley, California before becoming a financial advisor for Merrill Lynch. In 1983 she became the vice-president of investments at Prudential Bache Securities and in 1987 founded the Suze Orman Financial Group.  Her program The Suze Orman Show has aired for eleven years and is one of the highest rated shows on CNBC. She has written nine consecutive New York Times Best Sellers and has written, co-produced and hosted seven PBS specials based on her books. Her PBS shows are the most successful fundraisers for PBS and have won two Emmy awards.[3][4] She has also won the most Gracie Awards of any individual.[5] In 2008 and 2009, Orman was named to the Times Magazine list of 100 most influential people, the 2010 Forbes Magazine 100 most powerful women in the world, and 18th on the Forbes list of The Most Influential Women In Media.	A weekly live-to-tape TV special of well-known personal finance expert Suze Orman's radio broadcast of "The Suze Orman Show."	
American Greed	crime,finance,corporate	Some people will do anything for money	American Greed is a weekly American television series that airs on CNBC. The program is produced by Kurtis Productions.  The program focuses on the stories behind some of the biggest  corporate and  white collar crimes in the United States such as  WorldCom,  HealthSouth and  Tyco. In addition, stories about more common crimes such as  insurance fraud,  murder,  embezzlement,  art theft,  Ponzi schemes,  credit card fraud,  bank robbery,  money laundering,  identity theft, and  medical fraud are also featured. Other topics have included the story behind the famous  Mustang Ranch in Nevada and the rise and fall of boy band  impresario  Lou Pearlman. The show also did special programs on  Bernie Madoff's life behind bars as well as the history of  mob money. On its fourth season, the show covered stories including high profiles cases such as  Raffaello Follieri,  Marcus Schrenker and  Sholam Weiss.	A weekly American television series that airs on CNBC that focuses on the stories behind some of the biggest corporate and white collar crimes in the United States such as WorldCom, HealthSouth and Tyco.	
Mad Money	finance,commentary	-	Mad Money is an American finance television program hosted by Jim Cramer that began airing on CNBC on MarchÊ14, 2005. Its main focus is investment and speculation, particularly in publicly traded stocks. In a notable departure from the CNBC programming style prior to its arrival, Mad Money presents itself in an entertainment-style format rather than a news broadcasting one.  Cramer defines "mad money" as the money one "can use to invest in stocksÊ... not retirement money, which you want in 401K or an IRA, a savings account, bonds, or the most conservative of dividend-paying stocks."[1]	An American finance television program hosted by Jim Cramer. Its main focus is investment and speculation, particularly in publicly traded stocks.	
Basketball Wives LA	reality,romance,divas	-	Basketball Wives LA is a reality television series that premiered on August 29, 2011, on VH1.[1] Created by production company Shed Media, the series follows the lives of a group of women who have all been somehow romantically linked to professional basketball players. The show is filmed in Los Angeles, California. It is a spinoff of Basketball Wives.  The second season officially started filming on May 23, 2012 and will premiere sometime in Fall 2012 It was officially confirmed by Draya Michele on June 12, 2012 to a fan that the show would return to VH1 in September 2012 for its second season and it was also confirmed by Malaysia Pargo in an interview that there a couple of new wives have been added to the series.  On July 16, 2012, it was confirmed by VH1 that Brooke Bailey would be joining the cast for season two.[2] She has been romantically linked with basketball player, Rashard Lewis.[3] Female rapper, Bambi, is also a confirmed cast member for season two.	A reality show that follows the lives of a group of women who have all been somehow romantically linked to professional basketball players.	Filmed in Los Angeles, California, the series follows the lives of a group of women who have all been somehow romantically linked to professional basketball players.
T.I. and Tiny: The Family Hustle	reality,crime,music,family,rap	-	T.I. and Tiny: The Family Hustle is an American reality television series that premiered on VH1 on December 5, 2011. The show follows hip hop artist T.I. as he is reunited with his wife, Tameka "Tiny" Cottle, and his children following a 12 month prison sentence that was completed several months ago.	The show follows hip hop artist T.I. as he is reunited with his wife, Tameka "Tiny" Cottle, and his children following a 12 month prison sentence that was completed several months ago.	
Unplugged	music,artists	Major pop music stars play their songs with only acoustic instruments.	MTV Unplugged is a TV series showcasing many popular musical artists usually playing acoustic instruments. The show has received the George Foster Peabody Award and 3 Primetime Emmy nominations among many accolades.	A TV series showcasing many popular musical artists usually playing accoustic instruments.	
Footloose	drama,music,rebellious	A city teenager moves to a small town where rock music and dancing have been banned, and his rebellious spirit shakes up the populace.	Footloose is a 1984 American musical-drama film directed by Herbert Ross. It tells the story of Ren McCormack (Kevin Bacon), an upbeat Chicago teen who moves to a small town in which, as a result of the efforts of a local minister (John Lithgow), dancing and rock music have been banned.  The film is loosely based on events that took place in the small, rural, and religious community of Elmore City, Oklahoma.[1]	A city teenager moves to a small town where rock music and dancing have been banned, and his rebellious spirit shakes up the populace.	
Couples Therapy	romance,health,therapy	A man and his boyfriend see a therapist to delve into the depths of their relationship problems.	-	A man and his boyfriend see a therapist to delve into the depths of their relationship problems.	
8 Mile	music,drama,rap	A young rapper, struggling with every aspect of his life, wants to make the most of what could be his final opportunity but his problems around gives him doubts.	8 Mile is a 2002 American hip-hop drama film written by Scott Silver, directed by Curtis Hanson, and starring Eminem, Mekhi Phifer, Brittany Murphy, and Kim Basinger. It also co-stars rapper King Gordy.  The film is an account of a young white rapper named Jimmy "B-Rabbit" Smith Jr. (Eminem) living in inner city Detroit, Michigan set in 1995, and his attempt to launch a rap career in an industry dominated by African Americans.  The film was a critical and financial success. Eminem won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "Lose Yourself," the song which was iconic to this film.	A young rapper, struggling with every aspect of his life, wants to make the most of what could be his final opportunity but his problems around gives him doubts.	
Keeping Up With the Kardashians	reality,family,divas	Keeping Up with the Kardashians is an American reality television series that premiered on October 14, 2007, on E!. It follows the lives of the Kardashian/Jenner family, including sisters Kourtney, Kim, and KhloŽ Kardashian.  As of September 2012, seven seasons of the series have aired. On April 24, 2012, E! signed a new three year deal with the Kardashian family that will keep the series on the air through the ninth season.[2] The series' success has led to four spin-offs: Kourtney and KhloŽ Take Miami, Kourtney and Kim Take New York, KhloŽ & Lamar and Kourtney and Kim Take Miami	A peek inside the private family life of twenty-something socialite Kim Kardashian, the daughter of the late L.A. power attorney Robert Kardashian.	A peek inside the private family life of twenty-something socialite Kim Kardashian, the daughter of the late L.A. power attorney Robert Kardashian.	
Married to Jonas	music,reality,teen	Series chronicles the lives of Kevin Jonas, a third of the Jonas brothers, and his wife Danielle.	Married to Jonas is an American reality television series. The series premiered on E! in August 2012. It primarily focuses on Kevin Jonas, a third of the Jonas Brothers, marriage life with his wife Danielle Deleasa. However, it will also focus on the 2012 "comeback" of the Jonas Brothers.	Series chronicles the lives of Kevin Jonas, a third of the Jonas brothers, and his wife Danielle.	
E! News	news,gossip	-	! News, previously known as E! News Daily and E! News Live, describes both the entertainment news division of the E! network in the United States, and the branding of its flagship entertainment newscast. The program debuted on September 1, 1991 and mainly reports on celebrity news and gossip, along with previews of upcoming films and television shows, regular segments about all of those three subjects, and some news about the industry in general.	Reports on celebrity news and gossip, along with previews of upcoming films and television shows.	
Must Love Dogs	romance,comedy	-	Must Love Dogs is a 2005 romantic comedy film based on Claire Cook's eponymous 2002 novel. Starring Diane Lane and John Cusack, it is the third film directed and written by Gary David Goldberg and was produced on a budget of $30 million. The film focuses on a woman's struggle with divorce and meeting new people afterward	Romantic comedy film based on Claire Cook's eponymous 2002 novel. Starring Diane Lane and John Cusack.	
The Soup	comedy,gossip,news	-	The Soup is an E! Entertainment Television weekly series; it is a revamped version of Talk Soup that focuses on recaps of various pop culture and television show moments of the week. The show is hosted by comedian Joel McHale, who provides sarcastic and biting commentary on the various clips	Focuses on recaps of various pop culture and television show moments of the week. The show is hosted by comedian Joel McHale, who provides sarcastic and biting commentary on the various clips.	
Adventureland	comedy,satire	In the summer of 1987, a college grad takes a 'nowhere' job at his local amusement park, only to find it's the perfect course to get him prepared for the real world.	It is the summer of 1987 and James Brennan (Jesse Eisenberg), a virgin, has just graduated with a degree in comparative literature from Oberlin College. He is looking forward to touring Europe for the summer and going to Columbia University for graduate school in journalism, when his parents (Wendie Malick and Jack Gilpin) announce they won't be able to help him financially. James searches for a summer job, but can only find an unappealing one at Adventureland, a local amusement park in his hometown of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where his immature childhood friend Tommy Frigo (Matt Bush) works. James is hired by assistant manager Bobby (Bill Hader) and is assigned to the games area. He meets his co-workers: the sarcastic Joel (Martin Starr), Bobby's wife and park manager Paulette (Kristen Wiig), Sue O'Malley (Paige Howard), Mark (Mark Miller), the alluring Lisa P. (Margarita Levieva), and the park's technician Mike Connell (Ryan Reynolds), a part-time musician. Another games worker, Emily "Em" Lewin (Kristen Stewart), saves James from being stabbed by a disgruntled customer. While her father and stepmother are away, Em has a party where she and James get to know each other. After the party, Connell, who has been having an affair with Em, comes over to further pursue the affair. Later that week, James goes for a drink with Em and she is surprised to learn James has never had sex. After leaving, James and Em share their first kiss. The following day, James tells Connell about his strong feelings for Em, which Connell reports to her. Em later tells James that she wants to take things slow due to problems in her life, leaving James feeling confused and upset. Sue drunkenly makes out with Joel, but rejects him the next day, saying that her Catholic parents would not allow her to date a Jew; outraged, Em calls her an anti-Semite in front of the entire staff. Lisa P. asks James out on a date, but he has mixed feelings because of his relationship with Em. After Connell talks him into going, presumably to sabotage James' relationship with Em, he decides to accept her offer to go out. After the date, during which Lisa and James kiss, James learns Em had called to tell him that she regrets having rejected his feelings. James gives Em some of his marijuana to bake pot cookies to cheer her up. Joel later sees James and Em walking together and, irritated by the whole chain of events, decides to quit. James tries to talk him out of quitting, but Joel has had enough of it all. He also tells James he is angry at him for dating Lisa P. when he is already in love with Em. Wanting to be honest, James tells Em about going out with Lisa P. After hearing of this, Em goes to Connell's mother's home to end their affair. Prompted by Frigo, the park's mentally-challenged parking official tells James he saw Em and Connell doing "push-ups without any pants on" in the back of Connell's car. James goes to Connell's mother's house, which is where Lisa P. told him that Connell takes girls to have sex, and sees Em leaving. Shocked to see James, Em becomes tongue-tied and cannot explain. James leaves angrily, leaving a broken-hearted, crying Em by herself. James tells Lisa P. about the affair and asks her not to tell anyone, but not long after, she tells her friend Kelly. Upon noticing that all the park employees know, Em quits and moves back to New York. James chastises Lisa P. for dismissing Em as a "homewrecker" while seeing Connell as blameless. Heartbroken, he drunkenly crashes his dad's car into a tree and passes out. The next morning, his mother angrily wakes him up and tells him that he has to pay using his summer earnings to fix the damage.  Because he must pay for the car, James doesn't have enough money to go to graduate school. Despite his setbacks, he heads for New York City with his parents' blessing, as they finally decide that it's time to let James do what is best for him. In New York, James waits outside Em's apartment. She is reluctant to talk to him, feeling she has ruined everything. James tells her that he sees her in a different way from the way she sees herself, making it clear that he has fallen in love with her. Touched, Em brings James up to her apartment. James reveals he is not going to Columbia this year, and considers next year. He gets out of his wet clothes and finds that Em still has an Adventureland shirt. They kiss and begin to take their clothes off. James asks, "Are we really doing this?", and Em says "I think so."	In the summer of 1987, a college grad takes a 'nowhere' job at his local amusement park, only to find it's the perfect course to get him prepared for the real world.	
Shrek	comedy,romance,adventure,animation,cgi,magical,villains,satire	An ogre, in order to regain his swamp, travels along with an annoying donkey in order to bring a princess to a scheming lord, wishing himself King.	Shrek is a 2001 American computer-animated fantasy comedy film directed by Andrew Adamson and Vicky Jenson, featuring the voices of Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, and John Lithgow. It is loosely based on William Steig's 1990 fairy tale picture book Shrek!, and also somewhat serves as a childrenÕs parody film, targeting other films adapted from various childrenÕs fantasies (mainly Disney films). Shrek stars Mike Myers as a big, strong, solitude-loving, intimidating ogre named Shrek; Cameron Diaz as the beautiful, feisty, but very down-to-earth Princess Fiona; Eddie Murphy as the talkative Donkey; and John Lithgow as the villain Lord Farquaad. The film made notable use of popular music; the soundtrack includes music by Smash Mouth, Eels, Joan Jett, The Proclaimers, Jason Wade, The Baha Men, and Rufus Wainwright (covering Leonard Cohen). Shrek was the only film in the series to have Harry Gregson-Williams's musical score assistantly by John Powell.	An ogre, in order to regain his swamp, travels along with an annoying donkey in order to bring a princess to a scheming lord, wishing himself King.	
The Venture Bros.	action,adventure,animation,comedy,bizarre	The bizarre animated escapades of pseudo-heroic scientist Dr. Rusty Venture, his competent, high strung bodyguard, and his two over-enthusiastic sons.	The Venture Bros. is an American animated television series that premiered on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim on February 16, 2003. The series mixes action and comedy together while it chronicles the adventures of the Venture family: well-meaning but incompetent teenagers Hank and Dean Venture; their emotionally insecure, ethically challenged super-scientist father Dr. Thaddeus "Rusty" Venture; the family's bodyguard, originally the ultra-violent and macho secret agent Brock Samson and his later replacement, reformed super villain and "cured" pedophile Sergeant Hatred; and the family's self-proclaimed arch-nemesis, the Monarch, a butterfly-themed super villain.	The bizarre animated escapades of pseudo-heroic scientist Dr. Rusty Venture, his competent, high strung bodyguard, and his two over-enthusiastic sons.	
Dragons: Riders of Berk	action,adventure,animation,comedy,children,dragons,cgi,fantasy,magical,villains	The further adventures of Hiccup and his friends on the Island of Berk.	Dragons: Riders of Berk is an American computer-animated television series airing on Cartoon Network based on the 2010 film How to Train Your Dragon. The series serves as a bridge between the first film and its 2014 sequel.[2] One hour preview consisting of two episodes aired on August 7, 2012,[3] with the official premiere of the series on September 4, 2012.	Dragons: Riders of Berk is an American computer-animated television series airing on Cartoon Network based on the 2010 film How to Train Your Dragon.	
The Cleveland Show	animation,comedy,goofy,satire	The adventures of the "Family Guy"'s neighbor and deli owner, Cleveland Brown.	The Cleveland Show is an American animated show created by Seth MacFarlane, Mike Henry, and Richard Appel for the Fox Broadcasting Company as a spin-off from Family Guy. The series centers around the Browns and Tubbs, two dysfunctional families consisting of parents Cleveland Brown and Donna Tubbs and their children Cleveland Brown, Jr., Roberta Tubbs, and Rallo Tubbs, and, like Family Guy, exhibits much of its humor in the form of cutaway gags that often lampoon American culture.	The adventures of the "Family Guy"'s neighbor and deli owner, Cleveland Brown.	
King of the Hill	animation,comedy,goofy,satire	Show about a rigid redneckish propane salesman with a good heart and wacky friends and family.	King of the Hill is an American animated comedy series created by Mike Judge and Greg Daniels that ran from January 12, 1997, to May 6, 2010, on Fox network. It centers on the Hills, a middle-class Methodist family in the fictional small suburban town of Arlen, Texas. It attempts to retain a naturalistic approach, seeking humor in the conventional and mundane aspects of everyday life while dealing with issues comically.	Show about a rigid redneckish propane salesman with a good heart and wacky friends and family.	
Adventure Time	animation,children,adventure,magical	A human boy and his brother - a magical dog - set out to become righteous adventurers in the Land of Ooo.	Adventure Time is an American animated television series created by Pendleton Ward for Cartoon Network. The series follows the adventures of Finn, a 14-year-old[1] human boy, and his best friend Jake, a dog with magical powers to change shape and grow and shrink at will. Finn and Jake live in the post-apocalyptic Land of Ooo.[2] Ward describes Finn as a "fiery little kid with strong morals", while Jake is based on Tripper Harrison, Bill Murray's character in the movie Meatballs.	A human boy and his brother - a magical dog - set out to become righteous adventurers in the Land of Ooo.	
Regular Show	animation,adventure,surreal	The daily surreal adventures of a blue jay and raccoon duo that attempt to deal with their mundane jobs as groundskeepers at the local park.	Regular Show is an Emmy Award-winning American animated television series created by J.G. Quintel for Cartoon Network. The series revolves around the lives of two friends, a blue jay named Mordecai and a raccoon named Rigby, both employed as groundskeepers at a park. Their usual attempts to slack off often lead to surreal misadventures. The show's tagline, "It's anything but," alludes to this. The series is produced by Cartoon Network Studios.	The daily surreal adventures of a blue jay and raccoon duo that attempt to deal with their mundane jobs as groundskeepers at the local park.	
The Looney Tunes Show	animation,comedy,children,goofy,surreal	An updated iteration of the classic Looney Tunes characters focusing on their satirical misadventures living in suburbia.	The Looney Tunes Show is an American animated television series which premiered May 3, 2011 on Cartoon Network. Featuring characters from the Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies cartoons, it is produced by Warner Bros. Animation.	An updated iteration of the classic Looney Tunes characters focusing on their satirical misadventures living in suburbia.	
NinjaGo: Masters of Spinjitzu	animation,adventure,action,children,martial	Long before time had a name, Ninjago was created by the First Spinjitzu Master by using the Four Elemental Weapons of Spinjitzu; weapons so powerful, no one can handle all of their power at once. When he passed away, his two sons swore to protect them, but the oldest, Lord Garmadon, was consumed by darkness and wanted to possess them all. A battle between brothers broke out and Lord Garmadon was struck down and banished to the Underworld. Peace returned to Ninjago as the younger brother, Sensei Wu, hid the elemental weapons in the far corners of Ninjago. Centuries later, Lord Garmadon has returned with the help of his Skeleton army to collect the Golden Weapons. Sensei Wu turns to the aid of four young Ninja who are to be trained to become the protectors of each of the weapons. Although the Ninja successfully survive a harrowing quest to retrieve the elemental weapons, they fall into Lord Garmadon's master plan, releasing the dark Lord from his prison, and allowing him to escape through a vortex, with hope that he would one day return with the ability to possess all four weapons. Peace has returned to Ninjago, while the four ninja swear to protect and learn to master their Golden Weapons... Awaiting Lord Garmadon's return	The show is set in the fictional world of Ninjago, a place inspired by Chinese and Japanese myths and legends. It appears in the series as a large sprawling land most like the island chain of Japan, with different areas being home to various animals and plants, including Dragons and mystical snakes (like the Great Devourer). It has an underworld, where beings of evil like Lord Garmadon and the Skeleton Army dwell, together with sacred places where many things are hidden or forgotten (like the Serpentine tombs or the Golden Weapons). Similar to Lego's past product line Bionicle, the main characters are in tune with certain elemental properties (the elements in this case being Fire, Ice, Lightning and Earth.) Also, the world seems to have a more modern setting than previous 'Ninja' series, as shown by the appearance of large skyscraper cities, various vehicles, video games and exo-suits.	Long before time had a name, Ninjago was created by the First Spinjitzu Master by using the Four Elemental Weapons of Spinjitzu; weapons so powerful, no one can handle all of their power at once.	
Johnny Test	animation,comedy,children,villains	The adventures of average suburban boy Johnny Test, who wittingly plays test subject for his genius twin sisters' various experiments, reluctantly fighting evil villains in the process.	The series revolves around the adventures of the titular character, Johnny Test, an 11-year-old suburban boy who lives with his super-genius 13-year-old scientist twin sisters, Susan and Mary, in the Test residence in the fictional town of Porkbelly (which is located in Ontario, British Columbia, or California in various episodes, as indicated by the flag on Johnny's school). Johnny often wittingly plays test subject for his genius twin sisters' various inventions and experiments, as well as be given gadgets and/or superpowers, and while at the same time reluctantly tackling and exploiting occasional problems and miscellaneous sticky situations, and as well as fighting evil villains and other enemies in the process; and occasionally, saving the world with their inventions.	The adventures of average suburban boy Johnny Test, who wittingly plays test subject for his genius twin sisters' various experiments, reluctantly fighting evil villains in the process.	
MAD	animation,comedy,goofy,satire	The animated version of the classic humor magazine satirizes current pop culture.	Mad is an American animated sketch comedy series created by Kevin Shinick and produced by Warner Bros. Animation. Based upon the magazine of the same name, each episode is a collection of short animated parodies of television shows, movies, games, celebrities and other media using various types of animation. The series premiered on September 6, 2010 on Cartoon Network.[1] It has been described as a "kid-friendly version of Robot Chicken".	The animated version of the classic humor magazine satirizes current pop culture.	
Cartoon Planet	animation,comedy,satire,goofy,bizarre	Following success as a late night talk show host, Space Ghost recruits Brak (now somewhat brain-damaged) to his cast for his very own variety show. Zorak (from Coast to Coast) serves as the third host.	Cartoon Planet is an animated variety show that originally premiered in 1995 on TBS Superstation and continued its run from 1996 to 1997 on Cartoon Network. A spin-off of the animated Space Ghost Coast to Coast talk show, the premise was that Space Ghost had recruited his imprisoned evil arch nemesis Zorak and his loud and extremely dimwitted archenemy Brak to assist him in hosting a variety show.	Following success as a late night talk show host, Space Ghost recruits Brak (now somewhat brain-damaged) to his cast for his very own variety show. Zorak (from Coast to Coast) serves as the third host.	
Bomb Patrol: Afghanistan	documentary,war	This documentary follows the Afghan mission of the U.S Navy's Ordinance Disposal Mobile Unit during their deployment in 2011, hunting down IEDs and disposing or detonating them.	Bomb Patrol Afghanistan is an American documentary television series that premiered in the United States on G4 in October 2011. The series follows members of a United States Navy EOD (Explosive Ordnance Disposal) unit as they hunt for and dismantle explosives in Afghanistan	This documentary follows the Afghan mission of the U.S Navy's Ordinance Disposal Mobile Unit during their deployment in 2011, hunting down IEDs and disposing or detonating them.	
Out for Justice	crime,drugs,police	Brooklyn cop Gino Felino is about to go outside and play catch with his son Tony when he receives a phone call alerting him that his best friend Bobby Lupo has been shot dead in broad daylight on 18th Avenue in front of his wife Laurie Lupo and his two kids by drug kingpin Richie Madano, who has been Gino and Bobby's enemy since childhood. As Gino is hunting Madano down, Gino discovers the motive behind Bobby's murder. This is when Gino's hunt for Madano leads to the showdown of a lifetime.  Drug dealer Richie Madano shoots Bobby Lupo, a policeman in broad daylight and in front of his family. Bobby's friend and partner, Gino Silva upon hearing this, tells his captain that he can find Richie, because he and Richie grew up together but he has to be left alone. So Gino goes to every single one of Richie's hangouts and either misses or was not there when he was. He also leans on everyone who knows Richie. Also Richie's employers are upset with him that they are also looking for him. But it seems apparent that Richie doesn't care if he lives or dies, which makes him more dangerous.	Out for Justice is a 1991 action film directed by John Flynn and starring Steven Seagal, in which a veteran police detective vows to kill the crazy, drug-addicted mafioso who murdered his partner. Realistic dialogue, intense action sequences, and the web of relationships of a man with connections on both side of law are portrayed.	A veteran police detective vows to kill the crazy, drug-addicted mafioso who murdered his partner.	
Campus PD	crime,documentary,police	ride along with the men and women who keep the peace when college life gets out of control	Campus PD is an American television show on G4. Campus PD is produced by Cineflix Productions. The show is similar in style and tone to the show COPS.  Unlike COPS, Campus PD focuses specifically on college and university campuses and towns and the authorities who patrol them. Filming takes place at various locations across the country. The first season consisted of 10 episodes. Campus PD is produced by the UK-based production company Cineflix Productions,[1] the group that produces American Pickers (which airs on the History Channel in the United States) as well as Canadian Pickers (which airs on Canada's History Television).[2] The theme song for the show is The Clash song Police on My Back. Season 2 Premiered Wednesday, September 1 at 8PM ET. New episodes air Wednesday nights at 8PM ET/PT on G4.  As of 2012, the episodes of the first 2 seasons are edited where the main theme song "Police On My Back" by The Clash in the intros have been replaced by production music for unknown reasons.	Ride along with the men and women who keep the peace when college life gets out of control.	
Cops	crime,documentary,police,drugs	This action-packed police show follows real-life law enforcement officers from various regions and departments of the United States armed with nothing but with a television camera to capture their actions as they perform their daily duty "to serve and protect" the public.  "Cops" was among the earliest reality-based law enforcement shows, and remains one of the most popular of the genre. Each week, a camera crew followed the activities and daily beats of the officers of a different city's police department. Incidents ranged from routine traffic stops that evolve into charging the subjects with drug-related offenses; domestic violence; high-speed chases; and stakeouts and raids. The success of "Cops" led to other similar programs, with varying degrees of success.	Cops (stylized as COPS) is an American documentary/reality television series that follows police officers, constables, and sheriff's deputies during patrols and other police activities.	An American documentary/reality television series that follows police officers, constables, and sheriff's deputies during patrols and other police activities.	
Lost	mystery,paranormal,drama,suspense,adventure,surreal	The survivors of a plane crash are forced to live with each other on a remote island, a dangerous new world that poses unique threats of its own.	Lost is an American television series that was originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) from September 22, 2004 to May 23, 2010, consisting of six seasons. Lost is a drama series containing elements of science fiction and the supernatural that follows the survivors of the crash of a commercial passenger jet flying between Sydney and Los Angeles, on a mysterious tropical island somewhere in the South Pacific Ocean. The story is told in a heavily serialized manner	The survivors of a plane crash are forced to live with each other on a remote island, a dangerous new world that poses unique threats of its own.	
Heroes	sci-fi,action,drama,adventure,heroic	They thought they were like everyone else... until they woke with incredible abilities.	Heroes is an American science fiction television drama series created by Tim Kring that appeared on NBC for four seasons from September 25, 2006 through February 8, 2010. The series tells the stories of ordinary people who discover superhuman abilities, and how these abilities take effect in the characters' lives. The series emulates the aesthetic style and storytelling of American comic books, using multi-episode story arcs that build upon a larger, more encompassing arc.	They thought they were like everyone else... until they woke with incredible abilities.	
Signs	paranormal,drama,action,sci-fi,alien	A family living on a farm finds mysterious crop circles in their fields which suggests something more frightening to come.	Signs is a 2002 American science fiction thriller film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan The story focuses on a former Episcopal priest named Graham Hess who discovers a series of crop circles in his cornfield. Hess slowly becomes convinced that the phenomena are a result of extraterrestrial life. Mel Gibson, Joaquin Phoenix, Rory Culkin and Abigail Breslin star in principal roles. Signs explores faith, kinship and extraterrestrials	A family living on a farm finds mysterious crop circles in their fields which suggests something more frightening to come.	
Iron Man	sci-fi,action,comedy,heroic,villains,cgi,futuristic,robots	When wealthy industrialist Tony Stark is forced to build an armored suit after a life-threatening incident, he ultimately decides to use its technology to fight against evil.	Iron Man is a fictional character, a superhero who appears in comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by writer-editor Stan Lee, developed by scripter Larry Lieber, and designed by artists Don Heck and Jack Kirby. He made his first appearance in Tales of Suspense #39 (March 1963).  A billionaire playboy, industrialist and ingenious engineer, Tony Stark suffers a severe chest injury during a kidnapping in which his captors attempt to force him to build a weapon of mass destruction. He instead creates a powered suit of armor to save his life and escape captivity. He later uses the suit to protect the world as Iron Man. Through his corporation _ Stark Industries _ Tony has created many military weapons, some of which, along with other technological devices of his making, have been integrated into his suit, helping him fight crime. Initially, Iron Man was a vehicle for Stan Lee to explore Cold War themes, particularly the role of American technology and business in the fight against communism. Subsequent re-imaginings of Iron Man have transitioned from Cold War themes to contemporary concerns, such as corporate crime and terrorism.	When wealthy industrialist Tony Stark is forced to build an armored suit after a life-threatening incident, he ultimately decides to use its technology to fight against evil.	
Tango & Cash	crime,action,police,criminal	Two cops are framed and must clear their names.	The film describes the struggle of two rival LAPD narcotics detectives Ray Tango and Gabriel Cash, who are forced to work together after criminal mastermind, Yves Perret, frames them for murder.	Two cops are framed and must clear their names.	
Demolition Man	crime,action,adventure,heroic,villain,futuristic	A cop is brought out of suspended animation in prison to pursue an old ultra-violent enemy who is loose in a nonviolent future society.	The film tells the story of two men Ð one, an evil crime lord; the other, a risk-taking police officer Ñ who are cryogenically frozen in the year 1996 and reawakened in 2032. Following a massive earthquake in 2010 that destroyed much of Los Angeles, it merged with San Diego to form a planned city called San Angeles in which all crime has seemingly been eliminated from mainstream society. The film uses the tagline: "The Future isn't big enough for the both of them." Some aspects of the film allude to Aldous Huxley's dystopian novel, Brave New World.	A cop is brought out of suspended animation in prison to pursue an old ultra-violent enemy who is loose in a nonviolent future society.	
The Book of Eli	action,drama,postapocalyptic	A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind.	The Book of Eli is a 2010 American post-apocalyptic action film directed by the Hughes brothers, written by Gary Whitta, and starring Denzel Washington, Gary Oldman, Mila Kunis, Ray Stevenson and Jennifer Beals.  The story revolves around Eli, a nomad in a post-apocalyptic world, who is told by a voice to deliver his copy of a mysterious book to a safe location on the west Coast of the United States. The history of the post-war world is explained along the way as is the importance of Eli's task. Filming began in February 2009 and took place in New Mexico.	A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind.	
Gladiator	action,adventure,war,heroic,historical	When a Roman general is betrayed and his family murdered by an emperor's corrupt son, he comes to Rome as a gladiator to seek revenge.	Gladiator is a 2000 epic historical drama film directed by Ridley Scott, starring Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielsen, Ralf Mšller, Oliver Reed, Djimon Hounsou, Derek Jacobi, John Shrapnel and Richard Harris. Crowe portrays the loyal Roman General Maximus Decimus Meridius, who is betrayed when the Emperor's ambitious son, Commodus, murders his father and seizes the throne. Reduced to slavery, Maximus rises through the ranks of the gladiatorial arena to avenge the murder of his family and his Emperor.	When a Roman general is betrayed and his family murdered by an emperor's corrupt son, he comes to Rome as a gladiator to seek revenge.	
The Mentalist	crime,drama,comedy,paranormal,police	An infamous 'psychic' abandons his public persona, outing himself as a fake, to focus on his work as a consultant for the California Bureau of Investigation in order to find "Red John," the madman who killed his wife and daughter.	The Mentalist is an American police procedural television series that debuted on September 23, 2008, on CBS.[1] The show was created by Bruno Heller, who is also its Executive Producer. The show follows former "psychic" Patrick Jane (Simon Baker), who is now a consultant to the fictional California Bureau of Investigation (CBI), using the highly developed observational skills he previously employed to "read" peoples' minds. The Mentalist was released on Itunes october 1st 2012	An infamous 'psychic' abandons his public persona, outing himself as a fake, to focus on his work as a consultant for the California Bureau of Investigation in order to find "Red John," the madman who killed his wife and daughter.	
Major Crimes	crime,drama,police	The Closer' spin-off series which follows Capt. Raydor of the Los Angeles Police Department.	-	The Closer' spin-off series which follows Capt. Raydor of the Los Angeles Police Department.	
Castle	crime,comedy,drama,police,mystery	After a serial killer imitates the plots of his novels, successful mystery novelist Richard "Rick" Castle gets permission from the Mayor of New York City to tag along with an NYPD homicide investigation team for research purposes.	Castle is an American comedy-drama television series, which premiered on ABC on March 9, 2009. The series is produced jointly by Beacon Pictures and ABC Studios. Created by Andrew W. Marlowe it primarily traces the lives of Richard Castle, a best-selling mystery novelist and NYPD Detective Kate Beckett as they solve various unusual crimes in New York City. Detective Beckett is initially infuriated at the thought of working with a writer and goes to great lengths to keep him out of her way. However, the two soon start developing feelings for each other. The show focuses on the romantic tension between the two lead characters, and also on the unsolved homicide of Beckett's mother.	After a serial killer imitates the plots of his novels, successful mystery novelist Richard "Rick" Castle gets permission from the Mayor of New York City to tag along with an NYPD homicide investigation team for research purposes.	
A Time to Kill	crime,suspense,justice,thriller	A young lawyer defends a black man accused of murdering two men who raped his 10-year-old daughter, sparking a rebirth of the KKK.	A Time to Kill is a 1989 legal suspense thriller by John Grisham. It was Grisham's first novel. The novel was rejected by many publishers before Wynwood Press (located in New York) eventually gave it a modest 5,000-copy printing. After The Firm, The Pelican Brief, and The Client became bestsellers, interest in A Time to Kill grew; the book was republished by Doubleday in hardcover and, later, by Dell Publishing in paperback, and itself became a bestseller. This made Grisham extremely popular among readers.	A young lawyer defends a black man accused of murdering two men who raped his 10-year-old daughter, sparking a rebirth of the KKK.	
I, Robot	crime,sci-fi,action,adventure,robots,futuristic,cgi	In the year 2035 a techno-phobic cop investigates a crime that may have been perpetrated by a robot, which leads to a larger threat to humanity.	I, Robot is a 2004 science-fiction action film directed by Alex Proyas. The screenplay was written by Jeff Vintar, Akiva Goldsman and Hillary Seitz, and is loosely based on ("suggested by", according to the end credits) Isaac Asimov's short-story collection of the same name. Will Smith stars in the lead role of the film as Detective Del Spooner. The supporting cast includes Bridget Moynahan, Bruce Greenwood, James Cromwell, Chi McBride, Alan Tudyk, and Shia LaBeouf	In the year 2035 a techno-phobic cop investigates a crime that may have been perpetrated by a robot, which leads to a larger threat to humanity.	
Bar Rescue	reality,cooking,rescue	-	Bar Rescue is an American reality series that premiered on Spike TV on July 17, 2011. It stars Jon Taffer, a bar consultant, who offers his services, at no charge, to failing bars in hopes of turning their fortunes around	An American reality series that focuses on a bar consultant who offers his services to failing bars in hopes of turning their fortunes around.	
Star Wars IV: A New Hope	action,adventure,comedy,sci-fi,drama,futuristic,alien,villains,robots	Luke Skywalker, a spirited farm boy, joins rebel forces to save Princess Leia from the evil Darth Vader, and the galaxy from the Empire's planet-destroying Death Star.	Set "a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away", the film follows a group of freedom fighters known as the Rebel Alliance as they plot to destroy the powerful Death Star space station, a devastating weapon created by the evil Galactic Empire. This conflict disrupts the isolated life of farmboy Luke Skywalker when he inadvertently acquires the droids carrying the stolen plans to the Death Star. After the Empire begins a cruel and destructive search for the droids, Skywalker decides to accompany Jedi Knight Obi-Wan Kenobi on a daring mission to rescue the owner of the droids, rebel leader Princess Leia, and save the galaxy.	Luke Skywalker, a spirited farm boy, joins rebel forces to save Princess Leia from the evil Darth Vader, and the galaxy from the Empire's planet-destroying Death Star.	
Jurassic Park III	adventure,action,suspense,horror,dinosaurs	A decidedly odd couple with ulterior motives convince Dr. Alan Grant to go to Isla Sorna (the second InGen dinosaur lab.), resulting in an unexpected landing...and unexpected new inhabitants on the island.	Jurassic Park III is a 2001 American science fiction adventure film and the third of the Jurassic Park franchise. It is the only film in the series that is neither directed by Steven Spielberg (though produced by his production company, Amblin Entertainment) nor based on a book by Michael Crichton, though numerous scenes in the movie were taken from Crichton's two books, Jurassic Park and The Lost World. The film takes place on Isla Sorna in the Central American Pacific coast, the island from the second film, after a divorced couple tricks Dr. Alan Grant into helping them find their son.	A decidedly odd couple with ulterior motives convince Dr. Alan Grant to go to Isla Sorna (the second InGen dinosaur lab.), resulting in an unexpected landing...and unexpected new inhabitants on the island.	
The Crazies	horror,action,sci-fi,insane	About the inhabitants of a small Iowa town suddenly plagued by insanity and then death after a mysterious toxin contaminates their water supply.	The Crazies (also known as Code Name: Trixie) is a 1973 American science fiction horror-action film about the effects of the accidental release of a military biological weapon upon the inhabitants of a small American town. The film was written and directed by George A. Romero, and starred Lane Carroll, Will MacMillan, Harold Wayne Jones	About the inhabitants of a small Iowa town suddenly plagued by insanity and then death after a mysterious toxin contaminates their water supply.	
The Last House on the Left	crime,drama,criminal	After kidnapping and brutally assaulting two young women, a gang led by a prison escapee unknowingly finds refuge at a vacation home belonging the parents of one of the victims -- a mother and father who devise an increasingly gruesome series of revenge tactics.	The Last House on the Left is a 2009 American film directed by Dennis Iliadis and written by Carl Ellsworth and Adam Alleca. It is a remake of the 1972 film of the same name, and stars Monica Potter, Tony Goldwyn, Garret Dillahunt, and Sara Paxton. The film follows the parents (Goldwyn and Potter) of Mari Collingwood (Paxton), who attempt to get revenge on a group of strangers, led by a man named Krug (Dillahunt), that have taken shelter at their home during a thunderstorm. The Collingwoods discover that Krug and his group have shot their daughter and left her for dead.	After kidnapping and brutally assaulting two young women, a gang led by a prison escapee unknowingly finds refuge at a vacation home belonging the parents of one of the victims -- a mother and father who devise an increasingly gruesome series of revenge tactics.	
Enter the Dragon	action,martial,spy	A martial artist agrees to spy on a reclusive crime lord using his invitation to a tournament there as cover.	Enter the Dragon is a 1973 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Robert Clouse; starring Bruce Lee, Jim Kelly and John Saxon. This was Bruce Lee's final film appearance before his death on July 20, 1973. The film was released on July 26, 1973, six days after Lee's death, in Hong Kong.	A martial artist agrees to spy on a reclusive crime lord using his invitation to a tournament there as cover.	
I Am Bruce Lee	action,documentary,martial,historical	Bruce Lee is universally recognized as the pioneer who elevated martial arts in film to an art form, and this documentary will reveal why Bruce Lee's flame burns brighter now than the day he died over three decades ago. The greatest martial artists, athletes, actors, directors, and producers in the entertainment business today will share their feelings about the one who started it all. We will interview the people whose lives, careers, and belief systems were forever altered by the legendary "Father of Martial Arts Cinema". Rarely seen archival footage and classic photos will punctuate the personal testimonials. Prepare to be inspired.	-	Bruce Lee is universally recognized as the pioneer who elevated martial arts in film to an art form, and this documentary will reveal why Bruce Lee's flame burns brighter now than the day he died over three decades ago.	
Breaking Amish	reality,religion,debauchery	Follows five young adults who find the courage to leave their restrictive Amish communities. The group head to New York City, where the somewhat sheltered youths begin experimenting with alcohol, living up the nightlife, and experiencing the drama and heartache of relationships for the first time.  Four Amish and one Mennonite put everything on the line to answer one question "is there more to life?" Leaving the only home they've ever known, they move to New York City to try a dramatically different lifestyle on for size. The decision to pack up their bags comes with a lot of risk. Each of them face being shunned by their families and possible exile from their communities. In the end, they will decide if they want to remain Amish and Mennonite or seek a future in the outside world.	Breaking Amish is an American reality television series on TLC. The plot revolves around five young adults (four Amish and one Mennonite) who move to New York City in order to experience a different life and to make a difficult decision regarding whether to return to their communities, or to remain in New York City and face potential ostracism by their family and friends[1].  The show follows the cast members as they experience the realities of living in New York City and face new situations involving work, friendship, romance, and lifestyle[2]. It also tracks the drama that develops between cast members as they undergo various experiences. The move to New York City by these young men and women differs from Rumspringa, the rite of passage in which some 16-year-old Amish are allowed to experience the outside world and to decide whether or not they wish to remain with their home communities.	Follows five young adults who find the courage to leave their restrictive Amish communities. The group head to New York City, where the somewhat sheltered youths begin experimenting with alcohol, living up the nightlife, and experiencing the drama and heartache of relationships for the first time.	
Long Island Medium	reality,paranormal,psychic	Follows Theresa Caputo, a normal mom from New York who balances a full family life with her ability to communicate with the dead. Each episode will show how this gift impacts her life and the lives of those around her.	Long Island Medium is an American reality television series airing on TLC. It premiered in September 2011. Based in Hicksville, New York, the show stars Theresa Caputo, who claims she is a medium who can communicate with the deceased. The show follows her life as she juggles clients and her family.	Follows Theresa Caputo, a normal mom from New York who balances a full family life with her ability to communicate with the dead. Each episode will show how this gift impacts her life and the lives of those around her.	
Here Comes Honey Boo Boo	reality,family,pageant,fashion	Alana and her mother, June, have been become two of the more familiar Toddlers & Tiaras faces after a 2012 episode showed Alana drinking go-go juice before a competition. The drink, which worked her into a frenzy in front of the cameras, is a combination of Red Bull and Mountain Dew and had the pair working the talk show circuit earlier in the year to defend their caffeine consumption. Nicknamed Honey Boo Boo, Alana and her family, mother June, dad Sugar Bear and sisters Lauryn, Jessica and Anna, will be the focus of the series when the youngest daughter isn't competing in pageants.	Here Comes Honey Boo Boo is a reality television program on TLC which features pageant participant Alana Thompson (Honey Boo Boo), along with her mother June Shannon, father Mike Thompson and her three older sisters. The show is mostly filmed in and around the family's hometown in rural McIntyre, Georgia, United States.	Alana and her mother, June, have been become two of the more familiar Toddlers & Tiaras faces after a 2012 episode showed Alana drinking go-go juice before a competition.	
19 Kids and Counting	reality,family	-	19 Kids and Counting (formerly 17 Kids and Counting and 18 Kids and Counting) is an American reality television show on TLC. The show is about the Duggar family, which consists of parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar and their 19 childrenÑnine girls and ten boys (including two sets of fraternal twins), all of whose names begin with the letter "J". The series began on September 29, 2008,[1] and is in its tenth season since August 28, 2012.	An American reality television show focusing on the Duggar family, which consists of parents Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar and their 19 childrenÑnine girls and ten boys.	
Hoarding: Buried Alive	reality,documentary,health,therapy,bizarre	-	Hoarding: Buried Alive is an American documentary television series that premiered on TLC on March 14, 2010. The show follows hoarders through their life experiences and helps them learn to manage their illness.  Hoarding: Buried Alive takes the viewer into the personal lives of hoarders, focusing on how the mental illness has affected the individual and the family members. Each episode usually looks at two different cases and examines the history of the victim and takes time to interview family members.[1] The show includes an extensive look at the items each person collects.[2] Each hoarder receives treatment provided by both a therapist and a professional organizer.[1] These professionals help them through the process of ridding their house of the hoard. By the end of the episodes, the hoarders typically have shown signs of improvement that make the viewer hopeful for their continuing success	Hoarding: Buried Alive takes the viewer into the personal lives of hoarders, focusing on how the mental illness has affected the individual and the family members.	
Say Yes to the Dress: Atlanta	reality,romance,divas,fashion	-	Say Yes to the Dress: Atlanta is a TLC reality series which follows events at Bridals by Lori in the Atlanta suburb of Sandy Springs. The series shows the progress of individual sales associates, managers, and fitters at the store, along with profiling brides as they search for the perfect wedding dress. It is a spin-off of Say Yes to the Dress.	A TLC reality series which follows events at Bridals by Lori in the Atlanta suburb of Sandy Springs. The series shows the progress of individual sales associates, managers, and fitters at the store, along with profiling brides as they search for the perfect wedding dress.	
Four Weddings	reality,romance,competition,divas,fashion	-	It follows a similar style as Come Dine With Me and involves four brides/grooms attending each other's weddings and rating them on.  At the end of the show they discover which of the couples has won a luxury honeymoon. Viewers can also play online in the "Online wedding rater" and rate the weddings as they are shown for comparison with the rest of the public.	Discover which of the couples has won a luxury honeymoon.	
Parking Wars	reality,crime,police	This TV show follows the Philadelphia Parking Authority (PPA). It is split into three segments impound lot, booting/towing, and ticketing.	Parking Wars is a reality television series which airs on the A&E television network.[1] The program follows traffic enforcement employees as they ticket, "boot," and tow cars as part of their parking enforcement duties.	Follow traffic enforcement employees as they ticket, "boot," and tow cars as part of their parking enforcement duties.	
Independence Day	action,comedy,sci-fi,futuristic,alien,postapocalyptic,heroic	The aliens are coming and their goal is to invade and destroy. Fighting superior technology, Man's best weapon is the will to survive.	Independence Day is a 1996 American military science fiction disaster film about an alien invasion of Earth. The narrative focuses on a disparate group of people who converge in the Nevada desert and, along with the rest of the human population, participate in a last-chance counterattack on July 4ÊÐ the same date as the Independence Day holiday in the United States.	The aliens are coming and their goal is to invade and destroy. Fighting superior technology, Man's best weapon is the will to survive.	
Storage Wars	reality	-	Storage Wars is an American reality television series on the A&E Network that premiered in 2010. The show features the auctioneering couple of Dan Dotson and Laura Dotson, as well as buyers Dave Hester, the usually together but occasionally separated team of Darrell and Brandon Sheets, Barry Weiss, and the team of Jarrod Schulz and Brandi Passante. Executive Producer and Creator Thom Beers serves as off-screen narrator. When rent is not paid on a storage locker for three months in California, the contents are sold by an auctioneer as a single lot of items. The show follows professional buyers who purchase the contents based only on a five-minute inspection of what they can see from the door when it is opened. The goal is to turn a profit on the merchandise.	When rent is not paid on a storage locker for three months in California, the contents are sold by an auctioneer as a single lot of items. The show follows professional buyers who purchase the contents based only on a five-minute inspection of what they can see from the door when it is opened.	
Hoarders	reality,documentary,health,therapy,bizarre	-	Hoarding: Buried Alive takes the viewer into the personal lives of hoarders, focusing on how the mental illness has affected the individual and the family members. Each episode usually looks at two different cases and examines the history of the victim and takes time to interview family members.[1] The show includes an extensive look at the items each person collects.[2] Each hoarder receives treatment provided by both a therapist and a professional organizer.[1] These professionals help them through the process of ridding their house of the hoard. By the end of the episodes, the hoarders typically have shown signs of improvement that make the viewer hopeful for their continuing success.	Takes the viewer into the personal lives of hoarders, focusing on how the mental illness has affected the individual and the family members.	
Storage Wars Texas	reality	-	Storage Wars: Texas (Originally Storage Wars Dallas) is a reality television series on the A&E Network that premiered in 2011. It is a regionalized spin-off of the highly-popular series Storage Wars. The show features auctioneer Walt Cade, as well as auction hunters Ricky and Bubba Smith, Morris "Moe" Prigoff, Victor Rjesnjansky, Lesa Lewis and her assistant Jerry Simpson, and Roy Williams, with new bidders Jenny Grumbles and Mary Padian starting in the third season.[1] The premise is essentially the same: when rent is not paid on a storage locker for three months in Texas, the contents are sold by an auctioneer as a single lot of items. The show follows professional buyers who bid on the contents (usually for the purpose of reselling for profit should they purchase a locker) based only on a five-minute inspection and what they can see only from the door when it is opened.	When rent is not paid on a storage locker for three months in Texas, the contents are sold by an auctioneer as a single lot of items. The show follows professional buyers who bid on the contents (usually for the purpose of reselling for profit should they purchase a locker) based only on a five-minute inspection and what they can see only from the door when it is opened.	
The First 48	crime,documentary,mystery,police,justice	The series follows detectives during the hours immediately following a homicide.	The First 48 is an American documentary television series that airs on A&E. Filmed in various cities in the United States, the series offers an insider's look at the real-life world of homicide investigators. While the cinema-verite series often follows the investigations to their end, it usually focuses on their first 48 hours, hence the title.	The series follows detectives during the hours immediately following a homicide.	
Criminal Minds	crime,drama,mystery,police	An elite group of profilers analyze the nation's most dangerous criminal minds in an effort to anticipate their next moves before they strike again.	Criminal Minds is an American police procedural television program that premiered September 22, 2005, on CBS. The series follows a team of profilers from the FBI's Behavioral Analysis Unit (BAU) based in Quantico, Virginia. The BAU is part of the FBI National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime.[1] The show differs from many procedural dramas by focusing on the criminal rather than the crime itself.	An elite group of profilers analyze the nation's most dangerous criminal minds in an effort to anticipate their next moves before they strike again.	
Pawn Stars	reality	Rick Harrison and his family own and run a pawn shop on the Las Vegas strip. They buy, sell, and appraise items of historical value.	Pawn Stars is an American reality television series, shown on History, and produced by Leftfield Pictures. The series is filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada, where it chronicles the daily activities at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop,[2] a 24-hour family business operated by patriarch Richard "Old Man" Harrison, his son Rick Harrison, who opened the shop with his father in 1988, Rick's son Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison, who has worked there since childhood, and Corey's childhood friend, Austin "Chumlee" Russell.	Rick Harrison and his family own and run a pawn shop on the Las Vegas strip. They buy, sell, and appraise items of historical value.	
Counting Cars	reality,auto	-	Counting Cars is an American reality television series, shown on History, and produced by Leftfield Pictures. The series, which is the third spinoff of Pawn Stars, is filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada, where it chronicles the daily activities at Count's Kustoms, an automobile restoration and customization company owned and operated by Danny Koker, who previously appeared as a recurring expert on Pawn Stars. In a format similar to another Pawn Stars spinoff, American Restoration, the series follows Koker and his staff as they restore and modify classic automobiles and motorcycles.	The series follows Koker and his staff as they restore and modify classic automobiles and motorcycles.	
Brad Meltzer's Decoded	paranormal,mystery,historical	Novelist Brad Meltzer and a team of investigators delve into historical mysteries.	Brad Meltzer's Decoded, (or simply Decoded), is an American mystery and conspiracy theory investigation television series, produced by Go Go Luckey and Berman/Braun, that premiered December 2, 2010 on the History channel.[1] The series is hosted by political thriller author and non-fiction writer Brad Meltzer and follows a team of investigators who try to determine the meanings behind various symbolism, alleged secret codes and conspiracies that surround us everyday.	Novelist Brad Meltzer and a team of investigators delve into historical mysteries.	
American Restoration	reality,auto,rescue	-	American Restoration is an American reality television series airing on the History channel. Produced by Leftfield Pictures, the series is recorded in Las Vegas, Nevada, where it chronicles the daily activities at Rick's Restorations, an antique restoration shop, with its owner Rick Dale, his staff, and teenage son, as they restore various vintage items to their original condition	Chronicles the daily activities at Rick's Restorations, an antique restoration shop, with its owner Rick Dale, his staff, and teenage son, as they restore various vintage items to their original condition.	
Ancient Aliens	paranormal,alien,space	-	Ancient Aliens is an American television series that premiered on April 20, 2010 on the History channel.[1] Produced by Prometheus Entertainment, the program presents hypotheses of ancient astronauts and proposes that historical texts, archaeology and legends contain evidence of past human-extraterrestrial contact.[2][3] The show has been criticized for presenting disputed pseudoscience.	Presents hypotheses of ancient astronauts and proposes that historical texts, archaeology and legends contain evidence of past human-extraterrestrial contact.	
Cajun Pawn Stars	reality	Series follows Jimmie DeRamus and his team at Alexandria, Louisiana's famed Silver Dollar Pawn and Jewelry Center.	Cajun Pawn Stars revolves around another family-owned pawn shop, the Silver Dollar Pawn & Jewelry Center in Alexandria, Louisiana, which is owned by Jimmie "Big Daddy" DeRamus, who runs the store along with his wife Peggy, his brother Johnnie, and daughter Tammie.[3] Assisting the DeRamuses are employees Tina Journet, Walt Piper, and Robby Friend; as well as the pawn shop's resident gun expert Gary Ermatinger	Cajun Pawn Stars revolves around another family-owned pawn shop, the Silver Dollar Pawn & Jewelry Center in Alexandria, Louisiana.	
Lake Placid 2	horror,suspense,monster,mythic	-	Lake Placid 2 is a 2007 made-for-television horror film	The crocodile myth resurfaces when a researcher is plucked from his boat in the presence of his colleague.	
Shutter Island	crime,drama,insane	Drama set in 1954, U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels is investigating the disappearance of a murderess who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane and is presumed to be hiding nearby.	In 1954, widower U.S. Marshal Edward "Teddy" Daniels and his new partner Chuck Aule go to Shutter Island on a ferry boat to the home of Ashecliffe Hospital for the criminally insane, to investigate the disappearance of a patient, Rachel Solando, who has escaped the hospital and apparently the desolate island, despite having been kept in a locked cell under constant supervision.	Drama set in 1954, U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels is investigating the disappearance of a murderess who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane and is presumed to be hiding nearby.	
Warehouse 13	crime,sci-fi,mystery,paranormal,magical	After saving the life of the President in Washington D.C., a pair of U.S Secret Service agents are whisked away to a covert location in South Dakota that houses supernatural objects that the Regents, an Authority above and outside any government, have collected over the centuries. Their new assignment: retrieve any lost objects and investigate reports of new ones.	The series follows U.S. Secret Service Agents Myka Bering (Joanne Kelly) and Pete Lattimer (Eddie McClintock) when they are assigned to the government's secret Warehouse 13 for supernatural artifacts.[7][15][16][17] It is located in a barren landscape in South Dakota, and they initially regard the assignment as punishment. As they go about their assignments to retrieve missing artifacts and investigate reports of new ones, they come to understand the importance of what they are doing.	After saving the life of the President in Washington D.C., a pair of U.S Secret Service agents are whisked away to a covert location in South Dakota that houses supernatural objects that the Regents, an Authority above and outside any government, have collected over the centuries. Their new assignment: retrieve any lost objects and investigate reports of new ones.	
Alphas	drama,sci-fi,action,heroic,magical	Dr. Lee Rosen leads a team of "Alphas", (human beings with enhanced abilities) who investigate the death of a witness in a court case. They soon uncover more than they had bargained for.	Alphas is an American science fiction dramatic television series created by Zak Penn and Michael Karnow.  The series follows a group of people with superhuman abilities, known as "Alphas", as they work to prevent crimes committed by other Alphas	Dr. Lee Rosen leads a team of "Alphas", (human beings with enhanced abilities) who investigate the death of a witness in a court case. They soon uncover more than they had bargained for.	
Face Off	crime,action,comedy,villains	A revolutionary medical technique allows an undercover agent to take the physical appearance of a major criminal and infiltrate his organization.	Face/Off is a 1997 American action thriller film directed by John Woo, starring Nicolas Cage and John Travolta. The two both play an FBI agent and a terrorist, sworn enemies who assume the physical appearance of one another.[2] The film exemplifies Woo's signature gun fu and heroic bloodshed action sequences, and has Travolta and Cage each playing two personalities.	A revolutionary medical technique allows an undercover agent to take the physical appearance of a major criminal and infiltrate his organization.	
Paranormal Witness	paranormal,reality,documentary,ghosts	Series brings to life the stories of people who have lived through paranormal experiences that defy explanation.	Paranormal Witness is an American paranormal reality television series filmed in a documentary-style that features eyewitness accounts from everyday people that have experienced paranormal activity	Series brings to life the stories of people who have lived through paranormal experiences that defy explanation.	
Ghost Hunters	documentary,paranormal,ghosts	This one-hour weekly docu-soap from the creator/executive producer of "American Chopper" follows a group of real-life paranormal researchers as they investigate haunted houses throughout the country, encountering every type of imaginable haunting. Jason Hawes and Grant Wilson, plumbers by trade, head up TAPS -- The Atlantic Paranormal Society -- a group of ordinary, everyday people with an interest in getting to the bottom of your otherworldly disturbances.	Ghost Hunters is an American paranormal reality television series that premiered on October 6, 2004, on Syfy (previously the Sci Fi Channel). The program features paranormal investigators Jason Hawes and Grant Wilson who investigate places that are reported to be haunted.	This one-hour weekly docu-soap from the creator/executive producer of "American Chopper" follows a group of real-life paranormal researchers as they investigate haunted houses throughout the country, encountering every type of imaginable haunting. Jason Hawes and Grant Wilson, plumbers by trade, head up TAPS -- The Atlantic Paranormal Society -- a group of ordinary, everyday people with an interest in getting to the bottom of your otherworldly disturbances.	
Star Trek: First Contact	drama,sci-fi,alien,futuristic	Captain Picard and his crew pursue the Borg back in time to stop them from preventing Earth from initiating first contact with alien life.	Star Trek: First Contact is a 1996 American science fiction film released by Paramount Pictures. It is the eighth feature film in the Star Trek science fiction franchise	Captain Picard and his crew pursue the Borg back in time to stop them from preventing Earth from initiating first contact with alien life.	
WWE Friday Night SmackDown!	sports,wrestling,fighting	Weekly sports show, with frequent commentary, interviews, side plots and hype.	WWE SmackDown (also stylized as Friday Night SmackDown) is a sports entertainment television program for WWE wrestling fighting	Weekly sports show, with frequent commentary, interviews, side plots and hype.	
Queen of the Damned	fantasy,drama,music,mythic,vampires,villains,surreal	The vampire Lestat becomes a rock star whose music wakes up the queen of all vampires.	The Queen of the Damned (1988) is the third novel of Anne Rice's The Vampire Chronicles series. It follows Interview with the Vampire and The Vampire Lestat. This novel is a continuation of the story that ends in a cliffhanger in The Vampire Lestat and explores the rich history and mythology of the origin of the vampires, which dates back to Ancient Egypt	The vampire Lestat becomes a rock star whose music wakes up the queen of all vampires.	
The Cosby Show	family,comedy,ethics,goofy	The goings-on in the life of a successful African American family.	The Cosby Show is an American television situation comedy starring Bill Cosby, which aired for eight seasons on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) from September 20, 1984 until April 30, 1992. The show focuses on the Huxtable family, an affluent African-American family living in Brooklyn, New York.	The goings-on in the life of a successful African American family.	
Everybody Loves Raymond	family,comedy,goofy	It never stops for successful sports writer Ray Barone, whose oddball family life consists of a fed up wife, overbearing parents, and an older brother with lifelong jealousy.	Everybody Loves Raymond is an American television sitcom, starring Ray Romano and Patricia Heaton. It originally ran on CBS from September 13, 1996, to May 16, 2005. Many of the situations from the show are based on the real-life experiences of Romano, creator/producer Phil Rosenthal and the show's writing staff. The main characters on the show are also loosely based on Romano's and Rosenthal's real-life family members	It never stops for successful sports writer Ray Barone, whose oddball family life consists of a fed up wife, overbearing parents, and an older brother with lifelong jealousy.	
M*A*S*H	comedy,drama,war,goofy,historical	The staff of an army hospital in the Korean war find that laughter is the best way to deal with their situation.	M*A*S*H is a media franchise. Owned in its film and television incarnations by 20th Century Fox, and originating in the semi-biographic fiction of Richard Hooker, the series concerns a group of fictional characters who served at the fictional "4077th Mobile Army Surgical Hospital (M*A*S*H)" during the Korean War. The original incarnation of the series is loosely based on the real 8055th Mobile Army Surgical Hospital (MASH), and features Hawkeye Pierce as the main character. Later spin-offs involve characters who appeared in the series, but are set after the end of the war. Almost all versions of the series fit into the genre of black comedy or dramedy and involve medicine in a prominent role due to most of the main characters being doctors or nurses.	Explore the inner workings of factories worldwide. Each episode profiles the machinery and manpower behind each factory's main product, featuring close-ups, breakdowns, interviews, and side stories to show the sequence of events to produce the product in the factory.	
The Real Housewives of New York City	reality,divas	A fast-paced reality show that follows several incredibly busy and ambitious Manhattan women. Watch as they balance envious social calendars, challenging careers, and motherhood, with the hustle and bustle of the big city all around.	The Real Housewives of New York City is an American reality television program on the Bravo cable TV network, a spin-off of the Bravo series The Real Housewives of Orange County	A fast-paced reality show that follows several incredibly busy and ambitious Manhattan women. Watch as they balance envious social calendars, challenging careers, and motherhood, with the hustle and bustle of the big city all around.	
The Real Housewives of New Jersey	reality,divas	-	The Real Housewives of New Jersey is a reality television program on the Bravo network, which follows the lives of women in and around several upscale communities in northern New Jersey	Follows the lives of women in and around several upscale communities in northern New Jersey.	
Inside the Actors Studio	documentary,commentary,celebrities	Famous actors, directors and writers reminisce about their careers and the philosophy behind their careers.	The show deliberately uses a slower pace in the interviews as compared with a typical celebrity interview, thus cameras usually record a couple of hours' of conversation, later edited to an hour, a trick used by Groucho Marx on his 1950s quiz show You Bet Your Life. The result, as a New York Times article puts it, "In Mr. Lipton's guest chair, actors cease being stars for a while and become artists and teachers." Though sometimes, some interviews go longer; Steven Spielberg's 1999 visit, for example, stretched to four hours, and was later shown as two episodes of one hour each. The interviews are guided by Lipton's trademark index-card questions known for well-researched details of guest's life, often startling some	Famous actors, directors and writers reminisce about their careers and the philosophy behind their careers.	
Flipping Out	reality,housing	-	Flipping Out is a reality television series that debuted on July 31, 2007 on Bravo in the United States and HGTV in Canada. Subsequently, it debuted on cable network Arena in Australia on September 4, 2009. For the first season it also re-aired on sister network CNBC. The show is centered on designer Jeff Lewis in Los Angeles, California, his entourage that consists of his project manager Jenni, housekeeper Zoila, business manager and boyfriend Gage and his other assistant(s) and helper(s).[1] For the first season the show revolved around Lewis' flip projects as he renovated homes and re-sold them for a profit. As the housing bubble popped in 2007, Lewis started to focus more on his home design consulting business and less on flipping houses, though in season four he considered moving back into flipping small projects on the side	The show is centered on designer Jeff Lewis in Los Angeles, California, his entourage that consists of his project manager Jenni, housekeeper Zoila, business manager and boyfriend Gage and his other assistant(s) and helper(s).	
Top Chef	reality,cooking,competition	-	Top Chef is an American reality competition show that airs on the cable television network Bravo, in which chefs compete against each other in culinary challenges. They are judged by a panel of professional chefs and other notables from the food and wine industry with one or more contestants eliminated in each episode	Top Chef is an American reality competition show in which chefs compete against each other in culinary challenges.	
Tombstone	crime,western,historical,justice	A successful lawman's plans to retire anonymously in Tombstone, Arizona, are disrupted by the kind of outlaws he was famous for eliminating.	The film is based on events relating to the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, along with the Earp Vendetta which followed it soon after in Tombstone, Arizona during the 1880s. It depicts a number of western outlaws and lawmen, such as Wyatt Earp, William Brocius, Johnny Ringo, and Doc Holliday as it explores crime, political corruption and law enforcement in the old American West	A successful lawman's plans to retire anonymously in Tombstone, Arizona, are disrupted by the kind of outlaws he was famous for eliminating.	
Into the West	western	Tales from the American West in the 19th century, told from the perspective of two families, one of white settlers and one of Native Americans	The plot follows the story of two families, one white American, one Native American, as their lives become mingled through the momentous events of American expansion. The story intertwines real and fictional characters and events spanning the period of expansion of the United States in the American West, from 1825 to 1890.	Tales from the American West in the 19th century, told from the perspective of two families, one of white settlers and one of Native Americans	
Hell on Wheels	western,drama	Blood will be spilled. Lives will be lost. Men will be ruined	Hell on Wheels is an American Western television series created and produced by Joe and Tony Gayton. Set in 1865, the series centers on the settlement that accompanied the construction of the first transcontinental railroad, referred to as "Hell on Wheels" by the company men, surveyors, support workers, laborers, prostitutes, mercenaries and others who make the mobile encampment their home. It stars Anson Mount as Cullen Bohannon, a former Confederate soldier who works as a foreman on the railroad as he tries to track down the Union soldiers who murdered his wife and young son	Blood will be spilled. Lives will be lost. Men will be ruined.	
Terminator 2: Judgment Day	action,sci-fi,horror,futuristic,monster,heroic,villains,suspense	The cyborg who once tried to kill Sarah Connor is dead, and another T-101 must now protect her teenage son, John Connor, from an even more powerful and advanced Terminator, the T-1000	Terminator 2: Judgment Day is a 1991 science fiction action film, the second installment of the Terminator franchise and the sequel to The Terminator (1984). Directed by James Cameron and written by Cameron and William Wisher, Jr., it stars Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, Robert Patrick, and Edward Furlong. Terminator 2 follows Sarah Connor (Hamilton) and her son John (Furlong) as they are pursued by a new, more advanced Terminator, the liquid metal, shapeshifting T-1000 (Patrick), sent back in time to kill John and prevent him from becoming the leader of the human Resistance against the machines. An older, less advanced Terminator (Schwarzenegger) is also sent back in time to protect John	The cyborg who once tried to kill Sarah Connor is dead, and another T-101 must now protect her teenage son, John Connor, from an even more powerful and advanced Terminator, the T-1000.	
The Fifth Element	action,adventure,sci-fi,futuristic,alien,goofy	In the colorful future, a cab driver unwittingly becomes the central figure in the search for a legendary cosmic weapon to keep Evil and Mr Zorg at bay	The Fifth Element is a 1997 French science fiction adventure film directed, co-written, and based on a story by Luc Besson, starring Bruce Willis, Gary Oldman, and Milla Jovovich. Mostly set during the twenty-third century, the film's central plot involves the survival of humanity, which becomes the duty of Korben Dallas (Willis) Ð a taxicab driver (and former special forces Major) Ð when a young woman (Jovovich) falls into his taxicab. Upon learning about her significance, Dallas must join efforts with the girl to recover four mystical stones essential to defending Earth from an impending attack	In the colorful future, a cab driver unwittingly becomes the central figure in the search for a legendary cosmic weapon to keep Evil and Mr Zorg at bay.	
CSI: Miami	crime,drama,police	The cases of the Miami-Dade, Florida police department's Crime Scene Investigations unit	CSI: Miami (Crime Scene Investigation: Miami) is an American police procedural television series	The cases of the Miami-Dade, Florida police department's Crime Scene Investigations unit.	
Apollo 13	drama,adventure,space,historical	True story of the moon-bound mission that developed severe trouble and the men that rescued it with skill and dedication	Apollo 13 was the seventh manned mission in the American Apollo space program and the third intended to land on the Moon. The craft was launched on April 11, 1970, at 13:13 CST from the Kennedy Space Center, Florida, but the lunar landing was aborted after an oxygen tank exploded two days later, crippling the service module upon which the Command Module depended. Despite great hardship caused by limited power, loss of cabin heat, shortage of potable water, and the critical need to jury-rig the carbon dioxide removal system, the crew returned safely to Earth on April 17	True story of the moon-bound mission that developed severe trouble and the men that rescued it with skill and dedication.	
Fargo	crime,drama,comedy,goofy	Jerry Lundegaard's inept crime falls apart due to his and his henchmen's bungling and the persistent police work of the quite pregnant Marge Gunderson	Fargo is a 1996 American crime film produced, directed and written by brothers Joel and Ethan Coen. It stars Frances McDormand as a pregnant police chief who investigates a series of homicides and William H. Macy as a car salesman who hires two criminals to kidnap his wife. Steve Buscemi and Peter Stormare play the criminals and Harve Presnell plays the salesman's father-in-law	Jerry Lundegaard's inept crime falls apart due to his and his henchmen's bungling and the persistent police work of the quite pregnant Marge Gunderson.	
Open Range	western,crime,justice	A former gunslinger is forced to take up arms again when he and his cattle crew are threatened by a corrupt lawman.	Open Range is a 2003 American Western film co-starring, co-produced, and directed by Kevin Costner, based on the novel The Open Range Men by Lauran Paine. Starring alongside Costner are Robert Duvall, Annette Bening, and Michael Gambon	A former gunslinger is forced to take up arms again when he and his cattle crew are threatened by a corrupt lawman.	
Restaurant Stakeout	cooking,reality,rescue,spy	-	Restaurant Stakeout is an American reality television series that airs Wednesday nights on Food Network.[1] The first episode aired March 12, 2012 as a sneak preview.[2] The series stars New York City restaurant owner Willie Degel, who goes behind the scenes of different restaurants across the country with hidden cameras to examine their service problems	Starring New York City restaurant owner Willie Degel, who goes behind the scenes of different restaurants across the country with hidden cameras to examine their service problems.	
The Great Food Truck Race	cooking,reality,competition	A number of food trucks in a competition to see who earns the most money, with the lowest earning truck kicked off at the end of each episode.	The Great Food Truck Race is a reality television series, that originally aired on August 15, 2010, on Food Network, with Tyler Florence as the host.[1] It features competing food trucks	A number of food trucks in a competition to see who earns the most money, with the lowest earning truck kicked off at the end of each episode.	
Cupcake Wars	cooking,reality,competition	4 bakers compete to make cupcakes with best taste and presentation. 3 rounds eliminate a contestant. The 2 finalists create a 1000 cupcake display. The winner gets to showcase their cupcake presentation at a major event and win $10,000.	Cupcake Wars is a Food Network reality-based competition show hosted by Justin Willman based on creating unique and professional-style cupcakes that began airing in June 2010. The show is similar to its successful Chopped show in that it starts with 4 contestants who are eliminated one by one in 3 rounds	4 bakers compete to make cupcakes with best taste and presentation. 3 rounds eliminate a contestant. The 2 finalists create a 1000 cupcake display. The winner gets to showcase their cupcake presentation at a major event and win $10,000.	
Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives	cooking,comedy,travel	Food Network's Guy Fieri, rolls out to visit America's favorite diners, drive-ins and dives, interviewing the owners of the food establishments and samples the items on their menus.	Each episode generally has a unifying theme (such as burgers or comfort food) with the host visiting multiple restaurants to sample the food that corresponds to this theme. The program focuses on small independent eateries featuring traditional American-style cuisine (such as barbecue, smoked meat, hamburgers, deep fried food, steak, and bacon-and-egg breakfast), regional styles, or ethnic specialties. Most often, the restaurants that the show chooses use fresh ingredients, home-style recipes, and gourmet culinary approaches to what is usually considered non-gourmet food. The host interacts with both the customers, to get their opinion on the food, and with the kitchen staff, who demonstrate how to prepare one or more of the dishes	Food Network's Guy Fieri, rolls out to visit America's favorite diners, drive-ins and dives, interviewing the owners of the food establishments and samples the items on their menus.	
Chopped	cooking,reality,competition	-	Chopped is a reality based cooking television series created by Michael Krupat, produced by Linda Lea, and hosted by Ted Allen that pits four chefs against each other competing for a chance to win $10,000.	Chopped is a reality based cooking television series that pits four chefs against each other competing for a chance to win $10,000.	
Restaurant: Impossible	cooking,reality,rescue	Turning around a failing restaurant is a daunting challenge under the best of circumstances. Attempting to do it in just two days with only $10,000 may be impossible, but that's exactly what Chef Robert Irvine sets out to do in his new Food Network show, Restaurant Impossible. Robert will use a little MacGyver and a lot of muscle to rescue these desperate places from complete collapse. Can one man, in two days, with $10,000, turn the tide of a failing restaurant and give hope to the owners and their employees? Find out as Robert Irvine takes on Restaurant: Impossible.	In each episode, Chef Robert Irvine is given the "mission" of making the impossible possible by renovating a failing restaurant in two days on a $10,000 budget.	In each episode, Chef Robert Irvine is given the "mission" of making the impossible possible by renovating a failing restaurant in two days on a $10,000 budget.	
$24 in 24	cooking,reality,howto,travel,finance	-	In each episode, Mauro goes on a trip to a city in the U.S. with only $24 to spend on food. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and a snack	In each episode, Mauro goes on a trip to a city in the U.S. with only $24 to spend on food. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and a snack.	
Paul Blart: Mall Cop	crime,comedy,goofy,villains	When a shopping mall is overtaken by a gang of organized crooks, it's up to the a mild-mannered security guard to save the day.	Paul Blart (Kevin James) is a mild-mannered, overweight man who takes his job as a security guard at the fictional West Orange Pavilion Mall in West Orange, New Jersey very seriously crime comedy film hilarious	When a shopping mall is overtaken by a gang of organized crooks, it's up to the a mild-mannered security guard to save the day.	
Ghost Adventures	paranormal,ghosts	-	Ghost Adventures is an American paranormal television series that first premiered on October 17, 2008, on the Travel Channel. Produced by MY-Tupelo Entertainment (a merger of MY Entertainment and Tupelo-Honey Productions),[1] the program follows and stars ghost hunters Zak Bagans, Nick Groff and Aaron Goodwin as they investigate locations that are purported to be haunted	Follows ghost hunters Zak Bagans, Nick Groff and Aaron Goodwin as they investigate locations that are purported to be haunted.	
Man v. Food	cooking,reality,travel,competition	Host Adam Richman travels around the U.S., taking on a variety of local eating challenges involving meal size, spiciness and other daunting factors.	Man v. Food is an American food reality television series. It premiered on December 3, 2008 on the Travel Channel. The program is hosted by actor and food enthusiast Adam Richman.[1] In each episode, Richman explores the "big food" offerings of a different American city before facing off against a pre-existing eating challenge at a local restaurant	Host Adam Richman travels around the U.S., taking on a variety of local eating challenges involving meal size, spiciness and other daunting factors.	
Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations	cooking,travel,debauchery,comedy	Anthony Bourdain, chef, writer, traveler, visits places all around the world sampling various foods	Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations is an ongoing American travel and food show on the Travel Channel; it also airs on the Discovery Travel & Living channel around the world. Host Anthony Bourdain visits overseas countries, cities worldwide, and places within the U.S., where hosts treat him to local culture and cuisine	Anthony Bourdain, chef, writer, traveler, visits places all around the world sampling various foods.	
Airport 24/7: Miami	documentary,travel	Series goes beyond the terminal for an unprecedented look at the inner workings of Miami International Airport, also known as MIA. With nearly 40 million passengers a year, MIA is the size of a small city, and considered a Category X airport, a prime target for a terrorist attack. Viewers will meet the steadfast MIA team whose jobs it is to keep one of America's largest airports running around the clock, and see what it takes to fight terrorism, intercept drug smugglers, secure a presidential landing, manage severe weather and much more	-	Viewers will meet the steadfast team whose jobs it is to keep one of America's largest airports running around the clock.	
Toy Hunter	reality,toys	May the force be with toy dealer Jordan Hembrough and he hunts down the most sought after Star Wars collectibles, Batmans and more.	Toy Hunter is a series that premiered on Travel Channel on August 15, 2012. It follows the exploits of Jordan Hembrough, a renowned toy dealer, who takes toy picking to a new level as he visits collections from some of the most popular cities on the East and West Coasts	May the force be with toy dealer Jordan Hembrough and he hunts down the most sought after Star Wars collectibles, Batmans and more.	
Bizarre Foods With Andrew Zimmern	cooking,travel,bizarre,disgusting	-	Bizarre Foods focuses on regional cuisine from around the world which is typically perceived by Americans as being disgusting, exotic, or bizarre. In each episode, Zimmern focuses on the cuisine of a particular country or region. He typically shows how the food is procured, where it is served, and, usually without hesitation, eats it.	Bizarre Foods focuses on regional cuisine from around the world which is typically perceived by Americans as being disgusting, exotic, or bizarre. In each episode, Zimmern focuses on the cuisine of a particular country or region. He typically shows how the food is procured, where it is served, and, usually without hesitation, eats it.	
Bomb Girls	drama,war	A drama about World War II women at work in a munitions factory.	Bomb Girls profiles the stories of four women working in a Canadian munitions factory in World War II.	A drama about World War II women at work in a munitions factory.	
The Full Monty	comedy,debauchery,bizarre	Six unemployed steel workers form a male striptease act. The women cheer them on to go for "the full monty" - total nudity.	The film is set in Sheffield, England, and it tells the story of six unemployed men, four of them former steel workers, who decide to form a male striptease act (ˆ la Chippendale dancers) in order to gather enough money to get somewhere else and for main character, Gaz, to be able to see his son. Gaz declares that their show will be better than the Chippendales dancers because they will go "the full monty" Ñ strip all the way Ñ hence the film's title. Despite being a comedy, the film also touches on serious subjects such as unemployment, fathers' rights, depression, impotence, homosexuality, obesity, working class culture and suicide.	Six unemployed steel workers form a male striptease act. The women cheer them on to go for "the full monty" - total nudity.	
No Way Out	crime,politics,drama	A coverup and witchhunt occur after a politician accidentally kills his mistress.	No Way Out is a 1987 thriller film about a Russian spy and U.S. Naval officer investigating a Washington, D.C. murder. It stars Kevin Costner, Gene Hackman and Sean Young	A coverup and witchhunt occur after a politician accidentally kills his mistress.	
Memphis Belle	war,drama	It's May 1943 at a US Air Force base in England. The four officers and six enlisted men of the Memphis Belle - a B-17 bomber so nicknamed for the girlfriend of its stern and stoic captain, Dennis Dearborn - will soon start their twenty-fifth mission, having completed their previous twenty-four successfully with nary an incident, while fewer and fewer other planes are coming back from their missions at all. If they complete their next mission successfully, they will be the first US Air Force squad to complete their tour of duty. Visiting communications officer Lt. Col. Bruce Derringer wants to publicize and highly tout their accomplishment, even before it happens, as a long term good news campaign at a time when there is little good news to report. Derringer's plan is against the wishes of the base commander, Col. Craig Harriman, who would prefer to treat the ten as any of his other hard working men. The previous success of the Memphis Belle is despite the disparate natures of the ten men, whose personalities and backgrounds could not be more different. Each of the ten has a differing view of Derringer's publicity campaign as well as to the probable success or failure of what will be their last mission regardless, a dangerous one into enemy territory over the skies of Bremen, Germany.	Memphis Belle is a 1990 film directed by Michael Caton-Jones and written by Monte Merrick, starring Matthew Modine and Eric Stoltz and introducing Harry Connick Jr. in his screen debut. It is a fictionalization of the 1943 documentary Memphis Belle: A Story of a Flying Fortress by director William Wyler, about the 25th and last mission of an American B-17 bomber, the Memphis Belle, which was based in England during World War II.	A fictionalization of the 1943 documentary Memphis Belle: A Story of a Flying Fortress by director William Wyler, about the 25th and last mission of an American B-17 bomber, the Memphis Belle, which was based in England during World War II.	
The Kennedys	politics,drama	The story of the most fabled political family in American history, told in a manner similar to The Godfather: a manipulative, egocentric father determined to live out his own ambitions through his sons, who in turn spent their lives dancing to his tune while at the same time trying to stand on their own. This is history through personality - the tangled relationships through which paint a picture of one of the most turbulent periods of the modern age. Viewers will be upstairs at the White House, not in the Cabinet Room. Through iconic events in history - the Bay of Pigs, the Cuban Missile Crisis, the civil rights struggle, the mob connection - viewers will learn about the lesser known, yet critical personal stories.	The Kennedys is an Emmy-winning Canadian-American television miniseries chronicling the lives of the Kennedy family, including key triumphs and tragedies it has experienced.	The story of the most fabled political family in American history, told in a manner similar to The Godfather: a manipulative, egocentric father determined to live out his own ambitions through his sons, who in turn spent their lives dancing to his tune while at the same time trying to stand on their own.	
Jurassic Park	horror,action,sci-fi,dinosaurs,surreal,mythic,monster	During a preview tour, a theme park suffers a major power breakdown that allows its cloned dinosaur exhibits to run amok.	Jurassic Park is a 1993 American science fiction adventure film[2] directed by Steven Spielberg, and is based on the novel of the same name by Michael Crichton. It stars Sam Neill, Laura Dern, Jeff Goldblum, Richard Attenborough, Ariana Richards, Joseph Mazzello, Martin Ferrero and Bob Peck. The film centers on the fictional Isla Nublar near Costa Rica in the Central American Pacific Coast, where a billionaire philanthropist and a small team of genetic scientists have created an amusement park of cloned dinosaurs	During a preview tour, a theme park suffers a major power breakdown that allows its cloned dinosaur exhibits to run amok.	
Cheers	sitcom,comedy,goofy	The regulars of the Boston bar Cheers share their experiences and lives with each other while drinking or working at the bar where everybody knows your name.	Cheers is an American television sitcom television series that ran for 11 seasons from 1982 to 1993. It was produced by Charles/Burrows/Charles Productions, in association with Paramount Network Television for NBC, and was created by the team of James Burrows, Glen Charles, and Les Charles. The show is set in the Cheers bar (named for the toast "Cheers") in Boston, Massachusetts, where a group of locals meet to drink, relax, chat and have fun.	The regulars of the Boston bar Cheers share their experiences and lives with each other while drinking or working at the bar where everybody knows your name.	
Hang 'Em High	crime,western,justice	When an innocent man barely survives a lynching, he returns as a lawman determined to bring the vigilantes to justice.	Hang 'Em High is a 1968 American Western film directed by Ted Post and produced and co-written by Leonard Freeman. It stars Clint Eastwood as Jed Cooper, an innocent man who survives a lynching, Inger Stevens as a widow who helps him, Ed Begley as the leader of the gang that lynched him, and Pat Hingle as the judge who hires Jed as a US Marshal	When an innocent man barely survives a lynching, he returns as a lawman determined to bring the vigilantes to justice.	
60 Minutes on CNBC	news,journalism	-	60 Minutes is an American television news program, which was created in 1968. The program was created by Don Hewitt who set it apart by using a unique style of reporter-centered investigation. In 2002, 60 Minutes was ranked No. 6 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time.	60 Minutes has been on the air since 1968, beginning on a Tuesday, but spending most of its time on Sundays, where it remains today. This popular news magazine provides both hard hitting investigations, interviews and features, along with people in the news and current events. 60 Minutes has set unprecedented records in the Nielsen's ratings with a number 1 rating, five times, making it among the most successful TV programs in all of television history. This series has won more Emmy awards than any other news program and in 2003, Don Hewitt, the creator (back in 1968), was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Emmy, along with the 60 Minute correspondents. Added to the 11 Peabody awards, this phenomenally long-lived series has collected 78 awards up to the 2005 season and remains among the viewers top choice for news magazine features.	
Crime Inc.	crime, finance,journalism	TV Series Documentary	The business of counterfeit goods is the largest underground industry in the world. CNBC takes you on raids with the LAPD anticounterfeiting unit, to inspections at ports and to back-room factories where bogus goods are produced.	The business of counterfeit goods is the largest underground industry in the world. CNBC takes you on raids with the LAPD anticounterfeiting unit, to inspections at ports and to back-room factories where bogus goods are produced.	
CNN Newsroom	finance, news	-	CNN Newsroom is an American news program on CNN/US. Broadcasting throughout the week, Newsroom features live and taped news reports, in addition to analysis from experts on the issues being covered, and headlines throughout each hour. The program tends to focus on softer news than their hard news primetime lineup. The program is the standard "brand" for general rolling-news programming for the network, originating from their headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia. It debuted in September 2006 replacing"CNN Live Today," "Live From," "CNN Saturday," "CNN Saturday Night," "CNN Sunday" and "CNN Sunday Night."  CNN Newsroom airs continuously for seven hours starting from 9:00am ET until 4:00pm ET on weekdays and since the start of September 2008, the program has employed a single-presenter format on such days. On weekends, it airs at various times with late-night editions.  In June of 2012, CNN introduced CNN Newsroom International. This hour-long block of news focuses on news across the globe. As of 2012, Suzanne Malveaux hosted the hour-long program. The show is based from CNN's World Headquarters in Atlanta.	Broadcasting throughout the week, Newsroom features live and taped news reports, in addition to analysis from experts on the issues being covered, and headlines throughout each hour.	
Piers Morgan Tonight	news,commentary	-	Piers Morgan Tonight is a talk show on CNN, hosted by Piers Morgan. The show premiered on January 17, 2011 and filled the former Larry King Live timeslot. Piers Morgan Tonight is recorded primarily in CNN's studios at the Time Warner Center in New York City.	CNN's provocative talk show with Piers Morgan airs on CNN. The series features a variety of popular guests each week.	
Anderson Cooper 360	news,commentary	A 360¡ look at the latest news by Anderson Cooper.	Anderson Cooper 360¡ (commonly shortened to either AC-360 or 360) is a television news show on CNN, hosted by the American journalist Anderson Cooper. It is also broadcast around the world on CNN International. 360¡ is broadcast live from CNN's Time Warner Center studios in New York City, airing first from 8:00 pm ET to 9:00 pm ET, then replayed from 10:00 pm ET to 11 pm ET. The program covers a number of news stories of the day, usually through live or taped reports from the network's correspondents. The coverage can also include analysis from experts on the issues, commonly featured in or after the taped reports.	A 360¡ look at the latest news by Anderson Cooper.	
Erin Burnett OutFront	news,commentary	-	Erin Burnett OutFront is an hour-long television news program hosted by Erin Burnett on CNN. The show premiered on October 3, 2011 in the 7PM and 11PM time slot to replace John King, USA. CNN hopes Burnett's expected popularity will provide an "attractive" opening to an evening of talk shows and news analysis.	Erin Burnett OutFront is an hour-long television news program hosted by Erin Burnett on CNN.	
Presidential Debate	news, commentary, politics	-	During presidential elections in the United States, it has become customary for the main candidates (almost always the candidates of the two largest parties, currently the Democratic Party and the Republican Party) to engage in a debate. The topics discussed in the debate are often the most controversial issues of the time, and arguably elections have been nearly decided by these debates (e.g., Nixon vs. Kennedy). While debates aren't constitutionally mandated, it is often considered a de facto election process. The main target for these debates are undecided voters; those who usually aren't partial to either political ideology or party. Presidential debates are held late in the election cycle, after the political parties have nominated their candidates. The candidates meet in a large hall, often at a university, before an audience of citizens. The formats of the debates have varied, with questions sometimes posed from one or more journalist moderators and in other cases members of the audience. Between 1988 and 2000, the formats have been governed in detail by secret memoranda of understanding (MOU) between the two major candidates; an MOU for 2004 was also negotiated, but unlike the earlier agreements it was jointly released by the two candidates. Debates are broadcast live on television and radio. The first debate for the 1960 election drew over 66 million viewers out of a population of 179 million, making it one of the most-watched broadcasts in U.S. television history. The 1980 debates drew 80 million viewers out of a 226 million. By 2000, about 46 million viewers out of a population of 280 million watched the first debate, with ten million fewer watching the subsequent debates that year. In 2004, 62.5 million people watched the first debate, while 43.6 million watched the vice-presidential debate.	During the presidential elections in the United States, the two main candidates (almost always the candidates of the two largest parties, currently the Democratic Party and the Republican Party) engage in a debate.	
Daniel Tosh: Happy Thoughts	comedy,performance	-	Daniel Tosh: Happy Thoughts is a comedy album released by comedian Daniel Tosh. The special originally aired on Comedy Central. Although originally airing as a Comedy Central Special,[1] the live recording was released independently and is only available on DVD. Daniel Tosh: Happy Thoughts is the follow-up to Tosh's DVD debut, Daniel Tosh: Completely Serious.	Daniel Tosh performs in front of a live San Francisco audience in this stand-up special for Comedy Central, and touches on topics ranging from sports and pop culture, to religion and politics.	
South Park	animation, comedy,goofy,debauchery,satire	Follows the misadventures of four irreverent grade-schoolers in the quiet, dysfunctional town of South Park, Colorado. Animation	South Park is an American animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone for the Comedy Central television network. Intended for mature audiences, the show has become famous for its crude language and dark, surreal humor that lampoons a wide range of topics. The ongoing narrative revolves around four boysÑStan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman and Kenny McCormickÑand their bizarre adventures in and around the titular Colorado town. Parker and Stone developed the show from two animated shorts they created in 1992 and 1995. The latter became one of the first Internet viral videos, which ultimately led to its production as a series. South Park debuted in August 1997 with great success, consistently earning the highest ratings of any basic cable program. Subsequent ratings have varied but it remains one of Comedy Central's highest rated shows. It is Comedy Central's longest running program.	South Park is an American animated sitcom created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone for the Comedy Central television network. Intended for mature audiences, the show has become famous for its crude language and dark, surreal humor that lampoons a wide range of topics.	
Accepted	comedy	-	Accepted is a 2006 American comedy film directed by Steve Pink and written by Adam Cooper, Bill Collage, and Mark Perez. The main plot centers around a group of would-be college freshmen who, after being rejected from all the colleges and universities to which they had applied, proceed to create their own "college"	Accepted is a 2006 American comedy film directed by Steve Pink and written by Adam Cooper, Bill Collage, and Mark Perez. The main plot centers around a group of would-be college freshmen who, after being rejected from all the colleges and universities to which they had applied, proceed to create their own "college".	
The Colbert Report	news, comedy, politics,satire	Satirist news caster Stephen Colbert provides humorous commentary on the big issues going on in the United States and the rest of the world, with his larger then life ego and overly patriotic spirit along with him every step of the way.	The Colbert Report ( /ko_l_b__r r__p_r/ kohl-bair r_-por) is an American satirical late night television program that airs Monday through Thursday on Comedy Central. It stars political humorist Stephen Colbert, a former correspondent for The Daily Show with Jon Stewart. The Colbert Report is a spin-off from and counterpart to The Daily Show that comments on politics and the media in a similar way. It satirizes conservative personality-driven political pundit programs, particularly Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor.[1][2] The show focuses on a fictional anchorman character named Stephen Colbert, played by his real-life namesake. The character, described by Colbert as a "well-intentioned, poorly informed, high-status idiot", is a caricature of televised political pundits.	Tune in to The Colbert Report, as Stephen Colbert gives his own take on the issues of the day, and more importantly, to tell you why everyone else's take is just plain wrong. The series is a variety/news show revolving around Colbert's TV persona, a parody of opinionated cable news personalities like Bill O'Reilly, Sean Hannity, and Joe Scarborough.	
The Daily Show With Jon Stewart	news, comedy, politics,satire	Comedy News Talk-Show	The Daily Show with Jon Stewart (called The Daily Show until 1999), is an American late night satirical television program airing each Monday through Thursday on Comedy Central and, in Canada, The Comedy Network. The half-hour long show premiered on July 21, 1996, and was hosted by Craig Kilborn until December 1998. Jon Stewart took over as host in January 1999, making the show more strongly focused on politics and the national media.	Forget trying to keep pace with 24 hour news networks- the best fake news show in the world will provide you with all the news you can handle. The Daily Show is a comedic view of recent news headlines and political figures through a series of satirical monologues by Jon Stewart along with segments by correspondents and finally interviews with guest celebrities and political figures.	
Futurama	animation, comedy,satire,goofy,futuristic,sci-fi,alien,postapocalyptic	Fry, a pizza guy is accidentally frozen in 1999 and thawed out New Year's Eve 2999.   Animation Comedy Sci-Fi	Futurama is an American animated science fiction sitcom created by Matt Groening and developed by Groening and David X. Cohen for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series follows the adventures of a late-20th-century New York City pizza delivery boy, Philip J. Fry, who, after being unwittingly cryogenically frozen for one thousand years, finds employment at Planet Express, an interplanetary delivery company in the retro-futuristic 31st century. The series was envisioned by Groening in the late 1990s while working on The Simpsons, later bringing Cohen aboard to develop storylines and characters to pitch the show to Fox.	Futurama is an American animated science fiction sitcom created by Matt Groening and developed by Groening and David X. Cohen for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series follows the adventures of a late 20th-century New York City pizza delivery boy, Philip J. Fry, who, after being unwittingly cryogenically frozen for one thousand years, finds employment at Planet Express, an interplanetary delivery company in the retro-futuristic 31st century. The series was envisioned by Groening in the 1990s while working on The Simpsons, later bringing Cohen aboard to develop storylines and characters to pitch the show to Fox.	
Workaholics	comedy, sitcom	Comedy	Workaholics is a television sitcom that premiered on Comedy Central on April 6, 2011. The series is in its third season, and is predominantly written by its stars Blake Anderson, Adam DeVine, Anders Holm and Kyle Newacheck who play three recent college dropouts and a drug dealer, roommates, and co-workers at TelAmeriCorp, a telemarketing company, living in Rancho Cucamonga, California. Kevin Etten is the series' showrunner.  The three main characters, Blake, Adam, and Anders, were roommates in college, and continue to play games as they transition into adulthood. The show's action is generally confined to the main characters' house and their workplace, a cubicle the three of them share at a telemarketing company called TelAmeriCorp.	Stars Blake Anderson, Adam DeVine, Anders Holm and Kyle Newacheck who play three recent college dropouts and a drug dealer, roommates, and co-workers at TelAmeriCorp, a telemarketing company, living in Rancho Cucamonga, California. Kevin Etten is the series' showrunner.  The three main characters, Blake, Adam, and Anders, were roommates in college, and continue to play games as they transition into adulthood.	
Tosh.0	comedy,gossip,celebrities,bizarre	Daniel Tosh provides humorous commentary on content from the Internet.	Tosh.0 Tosh point oh is an American television series hosted by comedian Daniel Tosh, who provides commentary on online video clips, society, celebrities, and other parts of popular culture and stereotypes.	Tosh.0 - pronounced: "Tosh point oh" is an American television series hosted by comedian Daniel Tosh, who provides commentary on online video clips, society, celebrities, and other parts of popular culture and stereotypes.	
Chappelle's Show	comedy,satire,goofy,debauchery,sketches	Comedian Dave Chappelle hosts this sketch-comedy show that parodies many of the nuances of race and culture.	Chappelle's Show is an American sketch comedy television series created by comedian Dave Chappelle and Neal Brennan, with Chappelle hosting the show as well as starring in various skits. Chappelle, Brennan and Michele Armour were the show's executive producers. The series premiered on January 22, 2003 on the American cable television network Comedy Central. The show ran for two complete seasons and a third, truncated season (dubbed "The Lost Episodes").	Comedian Dave Chappelle hosts this sketch-comedy show that parodies many of the nuances of race and culture.	
Key & Peele	comedy,sketches,goofy	Project sees Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele in front of a live studio audience bantering about a topic weaved between filmed shorts and sketches.	Key & Peele is an American sketch comedy television show.[6] It stars Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele, both former cast members of MADtv.[7] Each episode of the show consists of several pre-taped short comedic films starring the two actors that are introduced by Key and Peele in front of a live studio audience	Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele present "Key & Peele," an original sketch-comedy show coming to Comedy Central in 2012. In this new series these fresh, relevant comedic actor-writers, used to being on the outside looking in, will examine life in a provocative and irreverent way, through a combination of filmed sketches and live stage segments. Whether it's satirizing the President, spoofing Nazis, or ordering up some soul food, "Key & Peele" will showcase their chemistry, camaraderie and unique point of view, born from their shared background and experiences growing up biracial in a not quite post-racial world.	
Get Him to the Greek	comedy, adventure,bizarre,debauchery	A record company intern is hired to accompany out-of-control British rock star Aldous Snow to a concert at L.A.'s Greek Theater.	Get Him to the Greek is a 2010 American comedy film written, produced, and directed by Nicholas Stoller and starring Jonah Hill and Russell Brand. The film was released on June 4, 2010. Get Him to the Greek is a spin-off sequel of Stoller's 2008 film Forgetting Sarah Marshall.	A record company intern is hired to accompany out-of-control British rock star Aldous Snow to a concert at L.A.'s Greek Theater.	
SportsCenter	sports, news,commentary	A, usually hour-long, sports show featuring all the days major sports news and scores. Sportscenter features many segments of it's own while also taking snippets from other ESPN shows such as 'Pardon the Interuption', College Gameday, NFL Primetime, and NBA Fastbreak. The show also features a top 10 list. As of 2005 Monday through Friday are the top plays of the day. Saturday shows the "Not Top 10" and Sunday has Chris Berman's plays of the week.	SportsCenter is a daily sports news television show, and the flagship program of American cable network ESPN since the network launched on September 6, 1979. Originally broadcast only daily, SportsCenter is now shown up to twelve times a day, replaying the day's scores and highlights from major sporting events, along with commentary, previews and feature stories	A, usually hour-long, sports show featuring all the days major sports news and scores. Sportscenter features many segments of it's own while also taking snippets from other ESPN shows such as 'Pardon the Interuption', College Gameday, NFL Primetime, and NBA Fastbreak. The show also features a top 10 list. As of 2005 Monday through Friday are the top plays of the day. Saturday shows the "Not Top 10" and Sunday has Chris Berman's plays of the week.	
2012 World Series of Poker	reality, competition,cards	-	The 2012 World Series of Poker is the 43rd annual World Series of Poker (WSOP). It is currently being held at the Rio All Suite Hotel and Casino in Paradise, Nevada between May 27-July 16, 2012. There will be 61 bracelet events, culminating in the $10,000 No Limit Hold'em Main Event beginning on July 7. From 2008 through 2011, Main Event final tables were delayed until November. However, due to the 2012 U.S. Presidential Election, this year's final table will be delayed until October 28, with heads-up play commencing two days later.	The 2012 World Series of Poker is the 43rd annual World Series of Poker (WSOP). It is currently being held at the Rio All Suite Hotel and Casino in Paradise, Nevada. There will be 61 bracelet events, culminating in the $10,000 No Limit Hold'em Main Event.	
Baseball Tonight	sports, news,baseball,commentary	-	Baseball Tonight is a program that airs on ESPN. The show recapitulates the day's Major League Baseball action.  MLB professional baseball.	Baseball Tonight is a program that airs on ESPN. The show recapitulates the day's Major League Baseball action.	
College Football Live	sports,football	college university football	College Football Live is a show that airs weekdays on ESPN or ESPN2. Rece Davis is the lead host, but it also features ESPN college football analysts Kirk Herbstreit, Jesse Palmer, Trevor Matich, Andre Ware, and others. College Football Live also features Live interviews with college coaches and players.	College Football Live is a show that airs weekdays on ESPN or ESPN2. Rece Davis is the lead host, but it also features ESPN college football analysts Kirk Herbstreit, Jesse Palmer, Trevor Matich, Andre Ware, and others. College Football Live also features Live interviews with college coaches and players.	
College Football	sports,football	college university football	College football is American football played by teams of student athletes fielded by American universities, colleges, and military academies.	College football aired live between major universities.	
College Football Scoreboard	sports,football	college university football	College football is American football played by teams of student athletes fielded by American universities, colleges, and military academies.	College football aired live between major universities.	
Rumble Fish	drama, crime, suspense, action	Rusty James, an absent-minded street thug struggles to live up to his legendary older brother's reputation, and longs for the days when gang warfare was going on	Rumble Fish is a 1983 drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola. It is based on the novel Rumble Fish by S.E. Hinton, who also co-wrote the screenplay.  The film centers on the relationship between Motorcycle Boy (Mickey Rourke), a revered former gang leader wishing to live a more peaceful life, and his younger brother, Rusty James (Matt Dillon), a teenaged hoodlum who aspires to become as feared as Motorcycle Boy. The film's marketing tagline was, "Rusty James can't live up to his brother's reputation. His brother can't live it down."	Rusty James, an absent-minded street thug struggles to live up to his legendary older brother's reputation, and longs for the days when gang warfare was going on.	
Manderlay	drama, romance	-	Manderlay is a 2005 Danish drama film written and directed by Lars von Trier and the sequel to the film Dogville. It is the second part of von Trier's projected USA Ð Land of Opportunities trilogy. It stars Bryce Dallas Howard, who replaces Nicole Kidman in the role of Grace Mulligan. The film co-stars Willem Dafoe, replacing James Caan. Lauren Bacall and Chlo‘ Sevigny return portraying different characters from those in Dogville.	Manderlay is a 2005 Danish drama film written and directed by Lars von Trier and the sequel to the film Dogville. It is the second part of von Trier's projected USA Ð Land of Opportunities trilogy. It stars Bryce Dallas Howard, who replaces Nicole Kidman in the role of Grace Mulligan. The film co-stars Willem Dafoe, replacing James Caan. Lauren Bacall and Chlo‘ Sevigny return portraying different characters from those in Dogville.	
Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare	horror, suspense,villains,monster,ghosts,bizarre	Freddy Krueger returns once again to haunt both the dreams of his daughter and Springwood's last surviving teenager	Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare is a 1991 American slasher comedy horror film. It is the sixth Ð and as the title suggests, intended to be the last Ð film in the series of films featuring Freddy Krueger. However, the success of the film prevented the series from ending (much like Friday the 13th parts four and nine). Another film, Wes Craven's New Nightmare, was produced following this film. This was New Line Cinema's first film released in 3-D.	Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare is a 1991 American slasher comedy horror film. It is the sixth Ð and as the title suggests, intended to be the last Ð film in the series of films featuring Freddy Krueger. However, the success of the film prevented the series from ending (much like Friday the 13th parts four and nine). Another film, Wes Craven's New Nightmare, was produced following this film. This was New Line Cinema's first film released in 3-D.	
The Doom Generation	suspense, adventure, crime, drama,insane,violence	Jordan White and Amy Blue, two troubled teens, pick up an adolescent drifter, Xavier Red. Together, the threesome embark on a sex and violence-filled journey through an America of psychos and quickiemarts	Teenage lovers Jordan White (Duval) and Amy Blue (McGowan) pick up a handsome drifter named Xavier Red (Schaech) while driving home from a club. Jordan gives Xavier the nickname "X". A late-night stop at a convenience store leaves the three on the run when X accidentally kills the store's owner (Dustin Nguyen). The trio hides in a motel to avoid arrest. While Jordan and Amy have sex in the bath tub, X learns from the local television news program that the store owner's wife (Margaret Cho) disemboweled her children with a machete before committing suicide, thus, he concludes, removing any possibility of the trio being caught by the police.	Jordan White and Amy Blue, two troubled teens, pick up an adolescent drifter, Xavier Red. Together, the threesome embark on a sex and violence-filled journey through an America of psychos and quickiemarts.	
Daddy and Them	crime, action, suspense, comedy	Dark comedy where a married couple comes to the aid of a jailed uncle	Ruby and Claude Montgomery are a very insecure and jealous couple, who must help when Claude's Uncle Hazel is jailed for attempted murder. An Arkansan family reunites as they travel with Ruby's older sister Rose, with whom Claude had a previous relationship, and Ruby and Rose's mother Jewel, who continuously talks about Rose and Claude's past relationship, which irritates Ruby	Dark comedy where a married couple comes to the aid of a jailed uncle.	
Talk Radio	drama, suspense	A rude, contemptuous talk show host becomes overwhelmed by the hatred that surrounds his program just before it goes national.	-	A rude, contemptuous talk show host becomes overwhelmed by the hatred that surrounds his program just before it goes national.	
Windtalkers	action, war,drama,spy,historical	Two U.S. Marines in WWII are assigned to protect Navajo Marines who use their native language as an unbreakable radio cypher.	Windtalkers is a 2002 action war film directed by John Woo. Nicolas Cage and Christian Slater star as two US Marine sergeants assigned to protect Navajo code talkers (Adam Beach and Roger Willie) in Saipan during World War II.	Two U.S. Marines in WWII are assigned to protect Navajo Marines who use their native language as an unbreakable radio cypher.	
Reservoir Dogs	mystery, crime, suspense, action,criminal	After a simple jewelery heist goes terribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.	Reservoir Dogs is a 1992 crime film marking the debut of director and writer Quentin Tarantino. It depicts the events before and after a botched diamond heist, but not the heist itself. Reservoir Dogs stars an ensemble cast: Harvey Keitel, Steve Buscemi, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, Chris Penn, and Lawrence Tierney. Tarantino has a minor role, as does criminal-turned-author Eddie Bunker. It incorporates many themes that have become Tarantino's hallmarks: violent crime, pop culture references, profuse profanity, and a nonlinear storyline.	After a simple jewelery heist goes terribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.	
Heavenly Creatures	crime, mystery, documentary,criminal,justice,revenge	Two girls have an intense fantasy life; their parents, concerned the fantasy is too intense, separate them, and the girls take revenge	Heavenly Creatures is a 1994 New Zealand film directed by Peter Jackson, from a screenplay he co-wrote with his wife, Fran Walsh, about the notorious 1954 ParkerÐHulme murder case in Christchurch, New Zealand. The film features Melanie Lynskey and Kate Winslet in their screen debuts. The main premise deals with the obsessive relationship between two teenage girls, Pauline Parker and Juliet Hulme, who murder Parker's mother. The events of the film cover the period from the girls' meeting in 1953 to the murder one year later.	Heavenly Creatures is a 1994 New Zealand film directed by Peter Jackson, from a screenplay he co-wrote with his wife, Fran Walsh, about the notorious 1954 ParkerÐHulme murder case in Christchurch, New Zealand. The film features Melanie Lynskey and Kate Winslet in their screen debuts. The main premise deals with the obsessive relationship between two teenage girls, Pauline Parker and Juliet Hulme, who murder Parker's mother. The events of the film cover the period from the girls' meeting in 1953 to the murder one year later.	
Boardwalk Empire	documentary, crime,politics	Chronicles the life and times of Nucky Thompson, the undisputed ruler of Atlantic City, who was equal parts politician and gangster	Boardwalk Empire is an American television series from cable network HBO, set in Atlantic City, New Jersey during the Prohibition era. It stars Steve Buscemi as Nucky Thompson. The show was adapted by Emmy Award-winning screenwriter and producer Terence Winter (of The Sopranos[2]) from a book about historical criminal kingpin Enoch L. Johnson by Nelson Johnson, titled Boardwalk Empire: The Birth, High Times, and Corruption of Atlantic City	Chronicles the life and times of Nucky Thompson, the undisputed ruler of Atlantic City, who was equal parts politician and gangster.	
Boxing	sports,boxing,fighting	Boxing fighting twelve rounds bout ring fighters	Professional bouts are usually much longer than amateur bouts, typically ranging from ten to twelve rounds, though four round fights are common for less experienced fighters or club fighters. There are also some two-[13] and three-round professional bouts,[14] especially in Australia. Through the early twentieth century, it was common for fights to have unlimited rounds, ending only when one fighter quit, benefiting high-energy fighters like Jack Dempsey. Fifteen rounds remained the internationally recognized limit for championship fights for most of the twentieth century until the early 1980s, when the death of boxer Duk Koo Kim eventually prompted the World Boxing Council and other organizations sanctioning professional boxing to reduce the limit to twelve rounds.	Various boxing fights from throughout the U.S.	
Unstoppable	action, suspense	With an unmanned, half-mile-long freight train barreling toward a city, a veteran engineer and a young conductor race against the clock to prevent a catastrophe.	Unstoppable is a 2010 American action thriller film directed by Tony Scott as his final film, written by Mark Bomback, and starring Denzel Washington and Chris Pine. The film, loosely based on the real-life CSX 8888 incident, tells the story of a runaway freight train, and the two men (Washington and Pine) who attempt to stop it.	With an unmanned, half-mile-long freight train barreling toward a city, a veteran engineer and a young conductor race against the clock to prevent a catastrophe.	
Real Time With Bill Maher	comedy, news, politics,satire	-	Real Time with Bill Maher is a talk show that airs weekly on HBO, hosted by comedian and political satirist Bill Maher. Much like his previous show, Politically Incorrect on ABC (and before that, on Comedy Central), Real Time features a panel of guests that discuss current events in politics and the media. Unlike the previous show, however, guests are usually more well-versed in the subject matter: more experts such as journalists, professors and politicians participate in the panel, and there are fewer actors and celebrities included in it	Real Time with Bill Maher is a talk show that airs weekly on HBO, hosted by comedian and political satirist Bill Maher. Much like his previous show, Politically Incorrect on ABC (and before that, on Comedy Central), Real Time features a panel of guests that discuss current events in politics and the media. Unlike the previous show, however, guests are usually more well-versed in the subject matter: more experts such as journalists, professors and politicians participate in the panel, and there are fewer actors and celebrities included in it.	
Cathouse: Three Ring Circus	documentary, reality,sex	-	Cathouse: The Series is an HBO television series that documents the professional lives of the workers at the Moonlite BunnyRanch, a legal brothel in Nevada.	Cathouse: The Series is an HBO television series that documents the professional lives of the workers at the Moonlite BunnyRanch, a legal brothel in Nevada.	
X-Men: First Class	fantasy, action,heroic,villains	In 1962, the United States government enlists the help of Mutants with superhuman abilities to stop a malicious dictator who is determined to start world war III.	X-Men: First Class is a 2011 American superhero film, based on the X-Men characters appearing in Marvel Comics. The fifth installment in the X-Men series, the film was directed by Matthew Vaughn and produced by Bryan Singer, and acts as a prequel to the original X-Men trilogy. The story is set primarily in 1962 during the Cuban Missile Crisis, and focuses on the relationship between Charles Xavier (Professor X) and Erik Lensherr (Magneto), and the origin of their groupsÑthe X-Men and the Brotherhood of Mutants, respectively	X-Men: First Class is a 2011 American superhero film, based on the X-Men characters appearing in Marvel Comics. The fifth installment in the X-Men series, the film was directed by Matthew Vaughn and produced by Bryan Singer, and acts as a prequel to the original X-Men trilogy. The story is set primarily in 1962 during the Cuban Missile Crisis, and focuses on the relationship between Charles Xavier (Professor X) and Erik Lensherr (Magneto), and the origin of their groupsÑthe X-Men and the Brotherhood of Mutants, respectively.	
The Sitter	comedy, family, goofy	A college student on suspension is coaxed into babysitting the kids next door, though he is fully unprepared for the wild night ahead of him.	The Sitter is a 2011 comedy film directed by David Gordon Green and produced by Michael De Luca. The film tells the story about a male student who, after being suspended from college, is lured into a babysitting gig for which he is woefully unprepared	The Sitter is a 2011 comedy film directed by David Gordon Green and produced by Michael De Luca. The film tells the story about a male student who, after being suspended from college, is lured into a babysitting gig for which he is woefully unprepared.	
Cowboys & Aliens	fantasy, action, adventure,sci-fi,heroic,futuristic	A spaceship arrives in Arizona, 1873, to take over the Earth, starting with the Wild West region. A posse of cowboys and natives are all that stand in their way.	Cowboys & Aliens is a 2011 American science fiction Western film directed by Jon Favreau and starring Daniel Craig, Harrison Ford, and Olivia Wilde. The film is based on the 2006 graphic novel of the same name created by Scott Mitchell Rosenberg. The main plot revolves around an amnesiac outlaw (Craig), a wealthy cattleman (Ford), and a mysterious traveler (Wilde) who must ally to save a group of townspeople abducted by aliens	Cowboys & Aliens is a 2011 American science fiction Western film directed by Jon Favreau and starring Daniel Craig, Harrison Ford, and Olivia Wilde. The film is based on the 2006 graphic novel of the same name created by Scott Mitchell Rosenberg. The main plot revolves around an amnesiac outlaw (Craig), a wealthy cattleman (Ford), and a mysterious traveler (Wilde) who must ally to save a group of townspeople abducted by aliens.	
After the Game	crime, mystery,gambling,revenge	-	After the Game is a crime fiction murder mystery with a theme of "after the game of poker" and "after the game of life." It deals with revenge, deceit, lust and greed, and explores karma and the afterlife. Aging gambler Benny Walsh (played by Gorshin) dies in a suspicious car crash after the biggest poker win of his life. His son, Clyde (played by Dubac), comes to the Nevada town in search of answers. He discovers that each of his father's gambling buddies had ample reason to see him dead.	After the Game is a crime fiction murder mystery with a theme of "after the game of poker" and "after the game of life." It deals with revenge, deceit, lust and greed, and explores karma and the afterlife. Aging gambler Benny Walsh (played by Gorshin) dies in a suspicious car crash after the biggest poker win of his life. His son, Clyde (played by Dubac), comes to the Nevada town in search of answers. He discovers that each of his father's gambling buddies had ample reason to see him dead.	
Once Upon a Time	fantasy, mystery, suspense,surreal	Centers on a woman with a troubled past who is drawn into a small town in Maine where the magic and mystery of Fairy Tales just may be real.	Once Upon a Time is an American fantasy-drama television series created by Lost and Tron: Legacy writers Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz,[2] that premiered on Sunday October 23, 2011, on ABC. The show airs Sunday nights at 8:00 pm ET/7:00 pm CT.[3] On November 3, 2011, ABC ordered the back nine episodes for Once Upon a Time, bringing the first season to a total of 22 episodes.[4] On May 10, 2012, ABC renewed the show for a second season.	Centers on a woman with a troubled past who is drawn into a small town in Maine where the magic and mystery of Fairy Tales just may be real.	
Revenge	drama, suspense,revenge	Centers on a young woman who is welcomed into a community filled with people who don't know she's only there to exact revenge on those who had destroyed her family.	Revenge is an American television drama series that airs on ABC starring Madeleine Stowe and Emily VanCamp. It debuted on September 21, 2011, and aired on Wednesday nights at 10:00 pm Eastern/9:00 pm Central.	Centers on a young woman who is welcomed into a community filled with people who don't know she's only there to exact revenge on those who had destroyed her family. Emily Thorne rents a house in the Hamptons for the summer, seemingly intent on nothing more than enjoying a break in the popular resort. But it soon becomes clear that there's more to her visit. Her real name is Amanda Clarke and her father was framed for a crime he didn't commit and sent to prison for life and she has come to the Hamptons to seek revenge against the people who betrayed him and saw him sent to jail.	
Jeopardy!	game show,competition	A quiz show with a twist: contestants are provided with the answers. But what are the right questions?	Jeopardy! is an American television quiz show created by Merv Griffin in 1964. Like most programs of its genre, it features trivia in a wide variety of topics, including history, language, literature, the arts, the sciences, popular culture, geography, and wordplay; however, unlike them, it has a unique answer-and-question format in which contestants are presented with clues in the form of answers, and must phrase their responses in question form	A quiz show with a twist: contestants are provided with the answers. But what are the right questions?	
Wheel of Fortune	game show,competition	Pat Sajak hosts this game show, where contestants guess letters in mystery words and phrases. They win prizes based on results of spinning a wheel and guessing correctly to solve the mystery. Vanna White stars as the 'letter-turner.	Wheel of Fortune is an American television game show created by Merv Griffin. Contestants compete to solve word puzzles, similar to those used in Hangman, to win cash and prizes determined by spinning a giant carnival wheel. The show originally aired from 1975 to 1991 as a network daytime program; the current nighttime syndicated version premiered on September 19, 1983	Pat Sajak hosts this game show, where contestants guess letters in mystery words and phrases. They win prizes based on results of spinning a wheel and guessing correctly to solve the mystery. Vanna White stars as the 'letter-turner.	
Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars	dance, music, competition,reality,celebrities	Reality dance show	The show pairs a number of celebrities with professional ballroom dancers, who each week compete by performing one or more dances. The dancers are then scored by a panel of judges. Viewers are given a certain amount of time to place votes for their favorite dancers, either by telephone or (in some countries) online. The couple with the lowest combined score provided by the judges and viewers is eliminated. This process continues until there are only two or three couples left; when they have competed for the last time one couple is declared the champion	Dancing with the Stars is a unique series that pairs up celebrities with professional ballroom dance partners in an intense competition -- live -- in front of a studio audience and the nation. Each season has a select number of celebrity/professional dance pairs. The pairs are then judged by a panel of expert judges as well as by the viewers at home. One team will be eliminated each week. The couples must maintain their focus, grace and composure while learning precise movements and maneuvering in extravagant costumes. Will they remain compatible during the course of the competition? Dancing with the Stars has broad appeal, offering viewers dazzling costumes, dancing, celebrity gossip, behind-the-scenes training and contemporary music performed by a live 15-piece band.	
The Middle	comedy, sitcom,family,goofy	The daily mishaps of a married woman and her semi-dysfunctional family and their attempts to survive life in general in the city of Orson, Indiana.	The Middle is an American sitcom television series, airing on ABC since September 30, 2009.[1] The series features Frances "Frankie" Heck (Patricia Heaton), a working-class, Midwestern woman and her husband Mike Heck (Neil Flynn), who reside in the small fictional town of Orson, Indiana. They are the parents of three children, Axl (Charlie McDermott), Sue (Eden Sher), and Brick (Atticus Shaffer).[2] The series was picked up for a full season of 24 episodes after airing just two episodes	The Middle is an American sitcom television series featuring Frances "Frankie" Heck (Patricia Heaton), a working-class, Midwestern woman and her husband Mike Heck (Neil Flynn), who reside in the small fictional town of Orson, Indiana. 	
The Neighbors	paranormal, sci-fi,alien	A New Jersey family moves to an affluent gated community composed entirely of extraterrestrials and aliens.	The series, set in New Jersey, revolves around a family that has relocated to a gated townhouse community called "Hidden Hills". Upon their arrival, they discover that the entire community is populated by residents from another planet. These aliens have adopted as their own, the names of sport celebrities, receive nourishment through their eyes and mind by reading books rather than eating, and cry out green goo from their ears. They have been stuck on Earth for 10 years, still awaiting instructions to return home	The series, set in New Jersey, revolves around a family that has relocated to a gated townhouse community called "Hidden Hills". Upon their arrival, they discover that the entire community is populated by residents from another planet. These aliens have adopted as their own, the names of sport celebrities, receive nourishment through their eyes and mind by reading books rather than eating, and cry out green goo from their ears. They have been stuck on Earth for 10 years, still awaiting instructions to return home.	
Last Resort	war, drama, adventure	500 feet beneath the ocean's surface, the U.S. ballistic missile submarine Colorado receives their orders. Over a radio channel, designed only to be used if their homeland has been wiped out, they're told to fire nuclear weapons at Pakistan. Captain Marcus Chaplin (Andre Braugher) demands confirmation of the orders only to be unceremoniously relieved of duty by the White House. XO Sam Kendal (Scott Speedman) finds himself suddenly in charge of the submarine and facing the same difficult decision. When he also refuses to fire without confirmation of the orders, the Colorado is targeted, fired upon, and hit. The submarine and its crew find themselves crippled on the ocean floor, declared rogue enemies of their own country. Now, with nowhere left to turn, Chaplin and Kendal take the sub on the run and bring the men and women of the Colorado to an exotic island. Here they will find refuge, romance, and a chance at a new life, even as they try to clear their names and get home. From executive producer/writer Shawn Ryan.	The show is about the renegade crew of a United States Navy Ohio-class ballistic missile submarine, the fictional USS Colorado (SSBN-753), that receives an order to launch nuclear missiles at Pakistan. When Captain Marcus Chaplin (Andre Braugher) asks for confirmation, he is relieved of command. His second in command, Lt. Commander Sam Kendal (Scott Speedman), also questions the orders and the vessel is fired upon by the USS Illinois and two nuclear strikes are also made on Pakistan. Realizing that they have been declared enemies of their own country, they seek refuge on the island of Sainte Marina (a fictional French island located in the Indian Ocean), commandeer a NATO communications facility, and declare a 200 mile exclusion zone around the island. When bombers are sent to attack the submarine and island, Captain Chaplin launches a nuclear missile towards the USA to impress upon them that he is serious. Now the crew must find a way to prove their innocence and find out who set them up so that they can return home	500 feet beneath the ocean's surface, the U.S. ballistic missile submarine Colorado receives their orders. Over a radio channel, designed only to be used if their homeland has been wiped out, they're told to fire nuclear weapons at Pakistan. Captain Marcus Chaplin (Andre Braugher) demands confirmation of the orders only to be unceremoniously relieved of duty by the White House. XO Sam Kendal (Scott Speedman) finds himself suddenly in charge of the submarine and facing the same difficult decision. When he also refuses to fire without confirmation of the orders, the Colorado is targeted, fired upon, and hit. The submarine and its crew find themselves crippled on the ocean floor, declared rogue enemies of their own country. Now, with nowhere left to turn, Chaplin and Kendal take the sub on the run and bring the men and women of the Colorado to an exotic island. Here they will find refuge, romance, and a chance at a new life, even as they try to clear their names and get home. From executive producer/writer Shawn Ryan.	
Grey's Anatomy	medical, drama,health	A drama centered on the personal and professional lives of five surgical medical hospital interns and their supervisors	Grey's Anatomy is an American television medical drama that premiered on ABC. The series has aired eight seasons, and focuses on the fictional lives of surgical hospital interns and residents, as they gradually evolve into seasoned doctors, while trying to maintain personal lives. Main character is Dr. Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo), who originally is accepted into the residency program at the fictional Seattle Grace Hospital. Meredith is assigned to work under Dr. Miranda Bailey (Chandra Wilson), along with Dr. Cristina Yang (Sandra Oh), Dr. George O'Malley (T. R. Knight), Dr. Izzie Stevens (Katherine Heigl), and Dr. Alex Karev (Justin Chambers). Following O'Malley's death and Stevens' departure, they are replaced by Dr. Jackson Avery (Jesse Williams) and Dr. April Kepner (Sarah Drew), in the sixth season. The surgical wing is primitively supervised by Dr. Richard Webber (James Pickens, Jr.), who is eventually replaced by Dr. Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey), and later Dr. Owen Hunt (Kevin McKidd).	A drama centered on the personal and professional lives of five surgical interns and their supervisors.	
Shark Tank	finance, reality, competition	Shark Tank follows aspiring entrepreneurs as they present various business ideas to moguls (known as "the sharks") in hopes of landing an investment in their ideas. Each week, ambitious entrepreneurs present their breakthrough business concepts to ruthless investors to convince them to invest in the concept	The show includes a panel of potential investors. Two of the panel members, Robert Herjavec and Kevin O'Leary, have also appeared on the Canadian show, Dragons' Den. Other past and present members of the panel include: Barbara Corcoran, [3] Daymond John, Kevin Harrington, Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban, comedian Jeff Foxworthy and Lori Greiner	Shark Tank follows aspiring entrepreneurs as they present various business ideas to moguls (known as "the sharks") in hopes of landing an investment in their ideas. Each week, ambitious entrepreneurs present their breakthrough business concepts to ruthless investors to convince them to invest in the concept.	
Primetime: What Would You Do?	documentary,ethics,spy	-	The show is about setting up everyday scenarios that reflect on how people react, why they react, and what they decide to. Scenarios staged are usually injustices or illegal activity; things you do not experience in everyday life. Actors and props are used, as well as hidden cameras to view the action	What Would You Do? Hidden cameras capture how people react when they're thrust in real-life ethical scenarios that call out for action. Will they step in or mind their own business?	
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit	crime,mystery,justice,violence,police	This show introduces the Special Victims Unit, a new elite squad of NYPD detectives who investigate sexually related crimes.	Law & Order: Special Victims Unit originally centered almost exclusively around the detectives of the Special Victims Unit in a fictional version of the 16th Precinct of the New York City Police Department. As the series progressed, additional supporting characters were added as allies of the detectives in the Manhattan District Attorney's office and the Medical Examiner's office. Typical episodes follow the detectives and their colleagues as they investigate and prosecute sexually based offenses	This hard-hitting and emotional companion series from NBC's Law & Order franchise chronicles the life and crimes of the elite Special Victims Unit of the New York Police Department. Law & Order: Special Victims Unit was created by Emmy Award-winning producer Dick Wolf. SVU celebrated its 200th episode in April 2008. The drama follows Det. Elliot Stabler, a seasoned veteran of the unit who has seen it all, and his partner, Olivia Benson, whose difficult past is the reason she joined the unit.	
NBC Bay Area News	news	-	Get local Bay Area news plus Bay Area breaking news, business, green, national , and world news from NBC Bay Area	Get local Bay Area news plus Bay Area breaking news, business, green, national , and world news from NBC Bay Area.	
Extra	news,gossip,celebrities	Extra, a television news updates show on current events in the mass-entertainment business such as movies, TV, music, etc. with host Mario Lopez.	Extra is an American entertainment television news program covering events and celebrities	Extra is an American entertainment television news program covering events and celebrities.	
Access Hollywood	news,gossip,celebrities	Celebrity information, hollywood gossip, and other news from the world of entertainment	Access Hollywood is a weekday television entertainment news program covering events and celebrities in the entertainment industry	Access Hollywood is a weekday television entertainment news program covering events and celebrities in the entertainment industry.	
The Voice	music, competition,reality,celebrities	"The Voice" is a vocal competition series modeled after Holland's top-rated vocal talent discovery show, "The Voice of Holland." Hosted by Carson Daly, the show features four musician coaches: Christina Aguilera, Cee Lo Green, Adam Levine and Blake Shelton, who will coach only the most talented vocalists. The show's innovative format features three stages of competition: the first begins with the blind audition, then the competition enters into a battle phase, and finally, the live performance. The show's casting team is working with the music industry and searching the country for the best singers to bring to the blind audition process. During the blind auditions, the decisions from the coaches are based solely on voice and not on looks. The coaches hear the contestants perform, but they don't get to see them - thanks to rotating chairs.	The Voice is a vocal competition series modeled after Holland's top-rated vocal talent discovery show, "The Voice of Holland." Hosted by Carson Daly, the show features four musician coaches: Christina Aguilera, Cee Lo Green, Adam Levine and Blake Shelton, who will coach only the most talented vocalists. The show's innovative format features three stages of competition: the first begins with the blind audition, then the competition enters into a battle phase, and finally, the live performance. The show's casting team is working with the music industry and searching the country for the best singers to bring to the blind audition process. During the blind auditions, the decisions from the coaches are based solely on voice and not on looks. The coaches hear the contestants perform, but they don't get to see them - thanks to rotating chairs.	The Voice is a vocal competition series modeled after Holland's top-rated vocal talent discovery show, "The Voice of Holland." Hosted by Carson Daly, the show features four musician coaches: Christina Aguilera, Cee Lo Green, Adam Levine and Blake Shelton, who will coach only the most talented vocalists. The show's innovative format features three stages of competition: the first begins with the blind audition, then the competition enters into a battle phase, and finally, the live performance. The show's casting team is working with the music industry and searching the country for the best singers to bring to the blind audition process. During the blind auditions, the decisions from the coaches are based solely on voice and not on looks. The coaches hear the contestants perform, but they don't get to see them - thanks to rotating chairs.	
Go On	comedy,goofy,therapy	An irreverent yet charming sportscaster who, after a loss, finds solace from members of his mandatory group therapy sessions.	Matthew Perry stars as Ryan King, a recent widower and sports talk radio host ready to get back to work after the loss of his wife. Ryan's alpha-male boss, Stephen, played by John Cho, has a different plan in store for Ryan, making him attend grief counseling before returning to the air. A reluctant Ryan finds himself in a support group for "life change," where he meets an oddball cast of characters, all with their own backstories filled with varying degrees of loss. On his very first visit, Ryan convinces the group to deviate from their normal session and starts a tournament-style competition (March Sadness!) to find out whose story is the worst. Ryan's total lack of interest in "the healing process" proves distracting and he soon butts heads with the by-the-books group leader, Lauren, played by Tony Award-winner Laura Benanti. Back at work, Ryan is confronted with the fact that he hasn't really processed his grief and realizes Lauren and the other members of the group might be key in helping him move on.	Matthew Perry stars as Ryan King, a recent widower and sports talk radio host ready to get back to work after the loss of his wife. Ryan's alpha-male boss, Stephen, played by John Cho, has a different plan in store for Ryan, making him attend grief counseling before returning to the air. A reluctant Ryan finds himself in a support group for "life change," where he meets an oddball cast of characters, all with their own backstories filled with varying degrees of loss. On his very first visit, Ryan convinces the group to deviate from their normal session and starts a tournament-style competition (March Sadness!) to find out whose story is the worst. Ryan's total lack of interest in "the healing process" proves distracting and he soon butts heads with the by-the-books group leader, Lauren, played by Tony Award-winner Laura Benanti. Back at work, Ryan is confronted with the fact that he hasn't really processed his grief and realizes Lauren and the other members of the group might be key in helping him move on.	
The New Normal	comedy,family	A single mother's life as she becomes a surrogate for a gay couple.	These days, families come in all forms - single dads, double moms, sperm donors, egg donors, one-night-stand donors... It's 2012 and anything goes. Bryan and David are a Beverly Hills couple and they have it all. Well, almost. With successful careers and a committed and loving partnership, the one thing missing is a baby. And just when they think the stars will never align, enter Goldie, an extraordinary young woman with a checkered past. A Midwestern waitress and single mother looking to escape her dead-end life and small-minded grandmother, Goldie decides to change everything and move to L.A. with her precocious eight-year-old daughter. Desperate and broke - but also fertile - Goldie quickly becomes the guys' surrogate and quite possibly the girl of their dreams. Surrogate mother, surrogate family	These days, families come in all forms - single dads, double moms, sperm donors, egg donors, one-night-stand donors... It's 2012 and anything goes. Bryan and David are a Beverly Hills couple and they have it all. Well, almost. With successful careers and a committed and loving partnership, the one thing missing is a baby. And just when they think the stars will never align, enter Goldie, an extraordinary young woman with a checkered past. A Midwestern waitress and single mother looking to escape her dead-end life and small-minded grandmother, Goldie decides to change everything and move to L.A. with her precocious eight-year-old daughter. Desperate and broke - but also fertile - Goldie quickly becomes the guys' surrogate and quite possibly the girl of their dreams. Surrogate mother, surrogate family.	
Animal Practice	comedy,pets	An animal loving veterinarian who despises the pet owners.	Animal Practice is an American television comedy series. While animal medicine is explored a little, the series mostly revolves around the interactions in a veterinary practice, exploring both personal interactions among the staff and professional interactions between the staff and their clients	Animal Practice is a new comedy centering on Dr. George Coleman, a top veterinarian with an impressive list of famous animal patients at the Crane Animal Hospital - a bustling New York City veterinary practice where it often seems as if the patients are running the place. Despite his unorthodox style, George has an undeniable gift with animals of all kinds - except the human kind. Much to his chagrin, George recently learned that his ex-girlfriend, Dorothy Crane (JoAnna Garcia Swisher, Better with You), has inherited the family business and is now George's boss. Whip-smart and ambitious, Dorothy shakes up the hospital as she brings order to the chaos and butts heads with George's animal-friendly administration. Tyler Labine (Reaper, Sons of Tucson) plays Dr. Doug Jackson, a vet who's great with animals, but hapless in matters of the heart; Bobby Lee (Harold & Kumar) stars as Dr. Yamamoto; Kym Whitley (We Bought a Zoo) stars as Juanita; and newcomer Betsy Sodaro (The Nick Show Kroll) stars as Nurse Angela. Dr. Rizzo, the resident capuchin monkey at Crane Animal Hospital and George's closest companion is played by Crystal.	
Guys With Kids	comedy,family,parenting	Three thirty-something dads try to hold on to their youth, while holding onto their new babies' hands. Easy, right? Thankfully Chris, Nick and Gary have each other to help navigate their survival as new dads, while still trying desperately to remain dudes. Balancing work or staying at home, painfully married or happily divorced, they know that taking care of the little ones while maintaining a social life is a daily challenge. Whether it's hosing the little squirt down in the kitchen sink or hitting the bar strapped with a baby bjšrn, these guys are on a roller-coaster adventure - parenting like you (and they) have never seen before	Three thirty-something men must raise their infant children despite the absence of their wives, as one of them is divorced	Three thirty-something dads try to hold on to their youth, while holding onto their new babies' hands. Easy, right? Thankfully Chris, Nick and Gary have each other to help navigate their survival as new dads, while still trying desperately to remain dudes. Balancing work or staying at home, painfully married or happily divorced, they know that taking care of the little ones while maintaining a social life is a daily challenge. Whether it's hosing the little squirt down in the kitchen sink or hitting the bar strapped with a baby bjšrn, these guys are on a roller-coaster adventure - parenting like you (and they) have never seen before.	
30 Rock	comedy,debauchery,bizarre,satire,goofy	Comedy.  Liz Lemon, head writer of the sketch comedy show "TGS with Tracy Jordan", must deal with an arrogant new boss and a crazy new star, all while trying to run a successful TV show without losing her mind.	30 Rock is an American television comedy series created by Tina Fey for NBC. The series, which is loosely based on Fey's experiences as head writer for Saturday Night Live, takes place behind the scenes of a fictional live sketch comedy series depicted as airing on NBC	Emmy Award Winner Tina Fey writes, executive produces and stars as Liz Lemon, the head writer of a live variety programme in New York City. Liz's life is turned upside down when brash new network executive Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin in his Golden Globe winning role) interferes with her show, bringing the wildly unpredictable Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) into the cast. Now its up to Liz to manage the mayhem and still try to have a life	
Up All Night	comedy,family,parenting	Takes an irreverent look at parenthood through the point of view of an acerbic working mother, along with her stay-at-home husband and opinionated parents	Life is all about balance. So what happens when you throw a new baby into it? Reagan (Christina Applegate) and her husband, Chris (Will Arnett), are the proud new parents of baby Amy. She may have been unexpected, but life's curve balls can be a godsend, literally. Unless you have a career that needs attention, which is exactly what Reagan has. So, bucking tradition, they decide Reagan's the one going back to work while Chris is going to be the stay-at-home dad. Easy, right? Well, not quite	Life is all about balance. So what happens when you throw a new baby into it? Reagan (Christina Applegate) and her husband, Chris (Will Arnett), are the proud new parents of baby Amy. She may have been unexpected, but life's curve balls can be a godsend, literally. Unless you have a career that needs attention, which is exactly what Reagan has. So, bucking tradition, they decide Reagan's the one going back to work while Chris is going to be the stay-at-home dad. Easy, right? Well, not quite.	
The Office	comedy,documentary,satire,goofy	A mockumentary on a group of typical office workers, where the workday consists of ego clashes, inappropriate behavior, and tedium. Based on the hit BBC series	A fresh and funny mockumentary-style glimpse into the daily interactions of the eccentric workers at the Dunder Mifflin paper supply company. This fast-paced comedy parodies contemporary American water-cooler culture.	A fresh and funny mockumentary-style glimpse into the daily interactions of the eccentric workers at the Dunder Mifflin paper supply company. This fast-paced comedy parodies contemporary American water-cooler culture.	
Parks and Recreation	comedy,nature,goofy	The absurd antics of an Indiana town's public officials as they pursue sundry projects to make their city a better place	The series follows Leslie Knope, the deputy head of the Parks and Recreation department in the fictional town of Pawnee, Indiana. Knope takes on a project with a nurse named Ann to turn a construction pit into a park, while trying to mentor a bored college-aged intern. However, Leslie must fight through the bureaucrats, problem neighbors, and developers in order to make her dream a reality, all while with a camera crew recording her every gaff and mishap.	The series follows Leslie Knope, the deputy head of the Parks and Recreation department in the fictional town of Pawnee, Indiana. Knope takes on a project with a nurse named Ann to turn a construction pit into a park, while trying to mentor a bored college-aged intern. However, Leslie must fight through the bureaucrats, problem neighbors, and developers in order to make her dream a reality, all while with a camera crew recording her every gaff and mishap.	
Grimm	paranormal, sci-fi, crime, mystery, action,monster,police	In modern day Portland, Oregon, a police detective inherits the ability to see supernatural creatures	Remember the fairy tales your parents used to tell you before bedtime? Those weren't stories -- they were warnings. Nick Burkhardt thought he prepared himself for the realities of working as a homicide detective until he started seeing things he couldn't quite explain. When his ailing Aunt Marie arrives, Nick's life turns upside down when she reveals they are descendants of an elite group of hunters, also known as "Grimms," who fight to keep the balance of humanity safe from the supernatural creatures of the world. As Nick digs deeper into her past, he realizes that he will have to shoulder the responsibility of his ancestors -- and contend with a larger-than-life mythology of the Brothers Grimm that is now all too real	Remember the fairy tales your parents used to tell you before bedtime? Those weren't stories -- they were warnings. Nick Burkhardt thought he prepared himself for the realities of working as a homicide detective until he started seeing things he couldn't quite explain. When his ailing Aunt Marie arrives, Nick's life turns upside down when she reveals they are descendants of an elite group of hunters, also known as "Grimms," who fight to keep the balance of humanity safe from the supernatural creatures of the world. As Nick digs deeper into her past, he realizes that he will have to shoulder the responsibility of his ancestors -- and contend with a larger-than-life mythology of the Brothers Grimm that is now all too real.	
49ers Preview	sports,football	San Francisco 49ers NFL pro football	-	Preview of the upcoming San Francisco 49ers NFL pro football game.	
Vegas	crime, action,police	A former rodeo cowboy becomes a sheriff	Set in 1960s Las Vegas, the series centers on Sheriff Ralph Lamb (Quaid) and his dealings with Chicago mobster Vincent Savino (Chiklis), who moved west to set up his own operation. The Lamb character is based on a real-life former rancher who served as Sheriff of Clark County from 1961 to 1979	Set in 1960s Las Vegas, the series centers on Sheriff Ralph Lamb (Quaid) and his dealings with Chicago mobster Vincent Savino (Chiklis), who moved west to set up his own operation. The Lamb character is based on a real-life former rancher who served as Sheriff of Clark County from 1961 to 1979.	
Hawaii Five-0	crime, action, suspense,heroic	Steve McGarrett returns home to Oahu, in order to find his father's killer. The governor offers him the chance to run his own task force (Five-O). Steve's team is joined by Chin Ho Kelly, Danny "Danno" Williams and Kono Kalakaua	Hawaii Five-0 is an American police procedural drama television series and a re-imagining of the original 1968Ð80 television series	After his father is murdered, Lieutenant Commander Steven J. McGarrett returns home to Oahu in order to catch the killer. The governor offers him the opportunity to run a new task force where he is able to call the shots. Steve brings together his own team and is given full backing from the governor.	
60 Minutes	news, documentary,journalism	-	60 Minutes is an American television news program, which was created in 1968. The program was created by Don Hewitt who set it apart by using a unique style of reporter-centered investigation. In 2002, 60 Minutes was ranked No. 6 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Shows of All Time.	60 Minutes has been on the air since 1968, beginning on a Tuesday, but spending most of its time on Sundays, where it remains today. This popular news magazine provides both hard hitting investigations, interviews and features, along with people in the news and current events. 60 Minutes has set unprecedented records in the Nielsen's ratings with a number 1 rating, five times, making it among the most successful TV programs in all of television history. This series has won more Emmy awards than any other news program and in 2003, Don Hewitt, the creator (back in 1968), was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Emmy, along with the 60 Minute correspondents. Added to the 11 Peabody awards, this phenomenally long-lived series has collected 78 awards up to the 2005 season and remains among the viewers top choice for news magazine features.	
The Amazing Race	reality, competition,travel	Multiple teams race around the globe for $1,000,000 to 'amazing' locations.	The Amazing Race is a reality television game show in which teams of two people, who have some form of a preexisting personal relationship, race around the world in competition with other teams. Contestants strive to arrive first at "pit stops" at the end of each leg of the race to win prizes and to avoid coming in last, which carries the possibility of elimination or a significant disadvantage in the following leg. Contestants travel to and within multiple countries in a variety of transportation modes, including airplanes, hot-air balloons, helicopters, trucks, bicycles, taxicabs, car, jeepneys, trains, buses, boats, and by foot. Clues provided in each leg lead the teams to the next destination or direct them to perform a task, either together or by a single member. These challenges are related in some manner to the country wherein they are located or its culture. Teams are progressively eliminated until three are left; at that point, the team that arrives first in the final leg is awarded the grand prize	This reality television game show pits 11 teams against each other in a worldwide, 30 to 40-day journey through diverse cities and countries spanning the globe. The first team to reach the final destination will be rewarded with $1 million.	
The Good Wife	drama, crime, suspense,criminal	Alicia has been a good wife to her husband, a former state attorney. After a very humiliating sex and corruption scandal, he is behind bars. She must now provide for her family and returns to work as a litigator in a law firm	The series focuses on Alicia Florrick (Julianna Margulies), whose husband Peter Florrick (Chris Noth), a former Cook County state's attorney, has been jailed following a very public sex and corruption scandal. Alicia returns to her old job as a litigator (after taking 12 years out to be a stay-at-home mother) to provide for her two children	The Good Wife is a drama starring Emmy Award winner Julianna Margulies as a wife and mother who must assume full responsibility for her family and re-enter the workforce after her husband's very public sex and political corruption scandal lands him in jail.	
Family Feud	game show,competition	-	Family Feud is an American television game show created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman. Two families compete against each other in a contest to name the most popular responses to a survey question posed to 100 people. The format, which originated in the United States, airs in numerous local formats worldwide.  The original version premiered on ABC and was hosted by Richard Dawson	Family Feud is an American television game show created by Mark Goodson and Bill Todman. Two families compete against each other in a contest to name the most popular responses to a survey question posed to 100 people. The format, which originated in the United States, airs in numerous local formats worldwide.  The original version premiered on ABC and was hosted by Richard Dawson.	
Judge Judy	crime, reality,justice,ethics,bizarre	Judge Judy Sheindlin, a former judge from New York, tackles real-life small claims cases with her no nonsense attitude in which damages of no more than $5,000 can be awarded. Also by her side is bailiff Petri Hawkins-Byrd who keeps order in the court. Then after a case is closed, the defendant and plaintiff briefly confront each other outside the courtroom	Judge Judy is an American reality court show, featuring former family court judge Judith Sheindlin, arbitrating over small claims cases in a small claims "court." While the claims are real, the "court" is not a public court of law but a private arbitration court, and all parties must sign contracts agreeing to arbitration under Sheindlin	Judge Judy Sheindlin, a former judge from New York, tackles real-life small claims cases with her no nonsense attitude in which damages of no more than $5,000 can be awarded. Also by her side is bailiff Petri Hawkins-Byrd who keeps order in the court. Then after a case is closed, the defendant and plaintiff briefly confront each other outside the courtroom.	
How I Met Your Mother	comedy, sitcom,debauchery,romance,goofy	A comedy about Ted and how he fell in love. It all started when Ted's best friend, Marshall, dropped the bombshell that he was going to propose to his longtime girlfriend, Lily, a kindergarten teacher. At that moment, Ted realized that he had better get a move on if he, too, hopes to find true love. Helping him in his quest is his friend Barney, a confirmed bachelor with endless, sometimes outrageous opinions, a penchant for suits and a foolproof way to meet women. When Ted meets Robin, he's sure it's love at first sight, but destiny has something else in store.	An American sitcom that premiered on CBS and is set in Manhattan, How I Met Your Mother follows the social and romantic lives of Ted Mosby (Josh Radnor) and his friends Marshall Eriksen (Jason Segel), Robin Scherbatsky (Cobie Smulders), Lily Aldrin (Alyson Hannigan), and Barney Stinson (Neil Patrick Harris).	How I Met Your Mother is a comedy about Ted and how he fell in love. It all started when Ted's best friend, Marshall, dropped the bombshell that he was going to propose to his longtime girlfriend, Lily, a kindergarten teacher. At that moment, Ted realized that he had better get a move on if he, too, hopes to find true love. Helping him in his quest is his friend Barney, a confirmed bachelor with endless, sometimes outrageous opinions, a penchant for suits and a foolproof way to meet women. When Ted meets Robin, he's sure it's love at first sight, but destiny has something else in store.	
Partners	comedy	Two life-long best friends and business partners ÒbromanceÓ is tested when one of them is engaged to be married. Joe is an accomplished architect who leads with his head and not his heart, especially in his love life. ThatÕs in stark contrast to his gay co-worker, Louis, who is spontaneous, emotional and prone to exaggeration. Both have found joy in their love lives: Joe is newly engaged to Ali, while Louis is dating Wyatt. As news of JoeÕs engagement settles, time will tell if their business and personal bond can adapt to the addition of two other important relationships	The series centered a pair of young architects, Bob (Jon Cryer) and Owen (Tate Donovan), and Owen's fiancŽe Alicia (Maria Pitillo). Much of the show's humor derived from Bob's lack of success with women and his competition with Alicia for Owen's attention	Two life-long best friends and business partners ÒbromanceÓ is tested when one of them is engaged to be married. Joe is an accomplished architect who leads with his head and not his heart, especially in his love life. ThatÕs in stark contrast to his gay co-worker, Louis, who is spontaneous, emotional and prone to exaggeration. Both have found joy in their love lives: Joe is newly engaged to Ali, while Louis is dating Wyatt. As news of JoeÕs engagement settles, time will tell if their business and personal bond can adapt to the addition of two other important relationships.	
2 Broke Girls	comedy	Two young women waitressing at a greasy spoon diner strike up an unlikely friendship in the hopes of launching a successful business - if only they can raise the cash	2 Broke Girls (stylized as 2 BROKE GIRL$) is an American television sitcom that debuted on CBS. The series follows the misadventures of roommates Max (Kat Dennings) and Caroline (Beth Behrs), both financially poor, and their efforts to start a cupcake business in the Williamsburg area of Brooklyn, New York	A comedy about two young women waitressing at a greasy spoon diner who strike up an unlikely friendship in the hopes of launching a successful business - if only they can raise the cash	
Mike & Molly	comedy	Set in Chicago, Illinois, the series follows two people, Mike Biggs, a police officer who wants to shed some pounds, and Molly Flynn, a fourth-grade teacher wanting to embrace her curves, who meet at an Overeaters Anonymous group and become an unlikely pair. However, they also have to deal with the comments, jokes, and criticism from Mike's fast-talking partner Carl McMillan, Molly's slim, drug addicted sister Victoria and nymphomaniac mother Joyce, and Samuel, a Senegalese waiter at the officers' favorite restaurant	Set in Chicago, Illinois, the series follows Mike Biggs (Billy Gardell), a police officer who's looking to shed some pounds, and Molly Flynn (Melissa McCarthy), an obese fourth-grade teacher, who meet at an Overeaters Anonymous group and become a couple. 	Set in Chicago, Illinois, the series follows two people, Mike Biggs, a police officer who wants to shed some pounds, and Molly Flynn, a fourth-grade teacher wanting to embrace her curves, who meet at an Overeaters Anonymous group and become an unlikely pair. However, they also have to deal with the comments, jokes, and criticism from Mike's fast-talking partner Carl McMillan, Molly's slim, drug addicted sister Victoria and nymphomaniac mother Joyce, and Samuel, a Senegalese waiter at the officers' favorite restaurant.	
NCIS	crime, action, suspense,police	The cases of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service	NCIS, formerly known as NCIS: Naval Criminal Investigative Service, is an American police procedural drama television series revolving around a fictional team of special agents from the Naval Criminal Investigative Service, which conducts criminal investigations involving the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps	Explore the inner workings of the government agency that investigates all crimes involving Navy and Marine Corps personnel, regardless of rank or position. Leading this team is NCIS Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs, a skilled investigator and interrogator who is smart, tough and willing to bend the rules to get the job done.	
NCIS: Los Angeles	crime, action, mystery,police	The Naval Criminal Investigation Service's Office of Special Projects takes on the undercover work and the hard to crack cases in LA. Key agents are G. Callen and Sam Hanna, streets kids risen through the ranks	NCIS: Los Angeles (Naval Criminal Investigative Service: Los Angeles) is an American television series combining elements of the military drama and police procedural genres	NCIS: Los Angeles is a drama about the high stakes world of undercover surveillance at the Office of Special Projects (OSP), a division of NCIS that is charged with apprehending dangerous and elusive criminals that pose a threat to the nation's security, specifically Naval and Marine assets and personnel.	
Survivor: Philippines	reality, competition, travel	The rules of this game are simple: sixteen average Americans are abandoned in the middle of some of the most unforgiving places on earth. They are divided into teams. Every three days, the Survivors must gather to vote someone out of their tribe. Once a total of six people have been voted out, the two tribes merge (this may vary season to season).After the merge, every person must compete for him/herself at both reward and immunity challenges. Only one person can win these challenges. Once a person receives immunity, that person can not have any votes against him/her for that tribal council. The next person to be voted out just after the merge will not return to the following tribal council. The next seven people return to be on a jury - they vote at the very last tribal council for who will win. The last Survivor at the end wins one million dollars.	Survivor: Philippines is the twenty-fifth season of the American CBS competitive reality television series Survivor	The rules of this game are simple: sixteen average Americans (eighteen in seasons 8, 9, and 11; twenty in season 10) are abandoned in the middle of some of the most unforgiving places on earth. They are divided into teams. Every three days, the Survivors must gather to vote someone out of their tribe. Once a total of six people have been voted out, the two tribes merge (this may vary season to season).After the merge, every person must compete for him/herself at both reward and immunity challenges. Only one person can win these challenges. Once a person receives immunity, that person can not have any votes against him/her for that tribal council. The next person to be voted out just after the merge will not return to the following tribal council. The next seven people return to be on a jury - they vote at the very last tribal council for who will win. The last Survivor at the end wins one million dollars	
The Big Bang Theory	comedy, sitcom,goofy	comedy.  A woman who moves into an apartment next door to two brilliant but socially awkward physicists shows them how little they know about life outside of the laboratory	an American comedy television series created and executive produced by Chuck Lorre	Leonard Hofstadter and Sheldon Cooper are brilliant physicists, the kind of "beautiful minds" that understand how the universe works. But none of that genius helps them interact with people, especially women. All this begins to change when a free-spirited beauty named Penny moves in next door. Sheldon, Leonard's roommate, is quite content spending his nights playing Klingon Boggle with their socially dysfunctional friends, fellow CalTech scientists Howard Wolowitz and Raj Koothrappali. However, Leonard sees in Penny a whole new universe of possibilities... including love.	
Two and a Half Men	comedy, sitcom,family,goofy	Comedy.  A hedonistic jingle writer's free-wheeling life comes to an abrupt halt when his brother and 10-year-old nephew move into his beach-front house	Two and a Half Men is an American television sitcom starring Charlie Sheen, Jon Cryer, and Angus T. Jones, the show was originally about a hedonistic jingle writer, Charlie Harper; his uptight brother, Alan; and Alan's growing son, Jake. Charlie's free-wheeling life is complicated when his brother gets divorced and moves, along with his son, into Charlie's beach-front Malibu house	Charlie is a well-to-do bachelor with a house at the beach, a Jaguar in the front, and an easy way with women. His casual Malibu lifestyle is interrupted when his tightly wound brother Alan, who's facing a divorce, and his son Jake, come to live with him. Together, these two and a half men confront the challenges of growing up; finally. Complicating matters are the brothers' self-obsessed, controlling mother, Evelyn, Alan's estranged wife, Judith and Charlie's crazy neighbor Rose, who wants to be a part of his life and is willing to do anything to be around.	
Person of Interest	crime, drama, mystery,police	An ex-CIA hitman and a scientist team up to prevent crimes before they happen	John Reese (Jim Caviezel), a former Green Beret and CIA field officer, is living as a derelict in New York City after an unspecified incident, and is presumed dead. He is approached by Harold Finch (Michael Emerson), a reclusive billionaire computer genius who is living under an assumed identity. Finch explains that after 9/11, he built a computer system for the government which uses information gleaned from omnipresent surveillance to predict future terrorist attacks	PERSON OF INTEREST stars Jim Caviezel, Emmy Award winner Michael Emerson and Academy Award nominee Taraji P. Henson in a crime thriller about a presumed dead former-CIA agent, Reese, who teams up with a mysterious billionaire, Finch, to prevent violent crimes by using their own brand of vigilante justice. Reese's special training in covert operations appeals to Finch, a software genius who invented a program that uses pattern recognition to identify people about to be involved in violent crimes. Using state-of-the-art surveillance technology, the two work outside of the law, using Reese's adept skills and Finch's unlimited wealth to unravel the mystery of the "person of interest" and stop the crime before it happens. Reese's actions draw the attention of the NYPD, including homicide detective Carter, and Fusco, a cop whom Reese uses to his advantage. With infinite crimes to investigate, Reese and Finch find that the right person, with the right information, at the right time, can change everything.	
CSI: NY	crime, drama, mystery,police	A spinoff of Crime Scene Investigations set in New York City	CSI: NY (Crime Scene Investigation: New York) is an American police procedural television series. The show follows the investigations of a team of NYPD forensic scientists and police officers as they unveil the circumstances behind mysterious and unusual deaths as well as other crimes	The third edition of the "CSI" franchise sets up shop in the Big Apple, where taciturn Detective Mac Taylor (Gary Sinise) and his partner, Detective Stella Bonasera (Melina Kanakaredes), lead a crime-solving team. Like his counterparts in Las Vegas and Miami, Taylor knows that people may lie, but the evidence rarely does	
Made in Jersey	drama,justice	Martina Garretti is a young working-class woman who uses her street smarts to compete among her pedigreed Manhattan colleagues at a prestigious New York law firm. Her firmÕs cutthroat landscape is challenging, but what she lacks in an Ivy League education she more than makes up for with tenacity and blue-collar insight. After just a few weeks, firm founder Donovan Stark, takes note of MartinaÕs ingenuity and resourcefulness, as does her sassy secretary Cyndi Vega. With the support of her big Italian family, including her sexy older sister Bonnie, Martina is able to stay true to her roots as a bold, passionate lawyer on the rise in a new intimidating environment	Made in Jersey is an American legal drama series.  A streetwise lawyer born and raised in New Jersey joins a posh New York City law firm, where she must defend her clients while surviving her colleagues' skepticism and her Italian family's constant interruptions.	Martina Garretti is a young working-class woman who uses her street smarts to compete among her pedigreed Manhattan colleagues at a prestigious New York law firm. Her firmÕs cutthroat landscape is challenging, but what she lacks in an Ivy League education she more than makes up for with tenacity and blue-collar insight. After just a few weeks, firm founder Donovan Stark, takes note of MartinaÕs ingenuity and resourcefulness, as does her sassy secretary Cyndi Vega. With the support of her big Italian family, including her sexy older sister Bonnie, Martina is able to stay true to her roots as a bold, passionate lawyer on the rise in a new intimidating environment.	
Woody Allen: American Masters	documentary	-	American Masters is a PBS television show which produces biographies on artists, actors and writers of the United States who have left a profound impact on the nation's popular culture	American Masters is a PBS television show which produces biographies on artists, actors and writers of the United States who have left a profound impact on the nation's popular culture.	
Call the Midwife	drama,historical	The story is about a group of midwives based in East London in the 1950s	Call the Midwife is a BBC period drama series starring Jessica Raine, Miranda Hart, Cliff Parisi, Jenny Agutter, Pam Ferris, Judy Parfitt and Vanessa Redgrave. It was created by Heidi Thomas based on the memoirs of Jennifer Worth and set in East London in the 1950s	Call the Midwife is a drama series adapted for television by Heidi Thomas from Jennifer Worth's best selling memoir, book of the same name. The series is a colourful look at the world of midwifery and family life in 1950's East End London. Jenny joins an eccentric community of nursing nuns having just qualified.	
Nightly Business Report	news	-	Nightly Business Report (NBR) is a Business news television magazine broadcast live Monday to Friday evenings on many public television stations in the United States	Nightly Business Report (NBR) is a Business news television magazine broadcast live Monday to Friday evenings on many public television stations in the United States.	
Antiques Roadshow	reality	Appraisers of antiques travel with the show to various cities. Area citizens bring articles for appraisal and often relate the histories of these items. The appraisers then expand on what is known about the treasures, sometimes exposing them as fakes, and they estimate the pieces' financial value. The show also includes tips for aspiring collectors of a wide range of items.	Antiques Roadshow is a British television show in which antiques appraisers travel to various regions of the United Kingdom (and occasionally abroad) to appraise antiques brought in by local people	Antiques Roadshow is the BBC original show in which antiques appraisers travel to various regions of the United Kingdom (and occasionally abroad) to appraise antiques brought in by local people. It has been running since 1979. There are also international versions of the programme	
History Detectives	documentary,historical,mystery	History Documentary	History Detectives is a documentary television series on PBS. A group of researchers (listed on right) help people to seek answers to various historical questions they have, usually centering around a family heirloom, an old house or other historic object or structure. It devotes itself "to exploring the complexities of historical mysteries, searching out the facts, myths and conundrums that connect local folklore, family legends and interesting objects	This series explores the true stories behind historic sites, artifacts and tall tales at the request of citizens all over America, with the help of an inquisitive team of fact-finders with an uncanny talent for uncovering the truth.	
Rain Man	drama	Autism Aspergers The sensible drama about the reunification of two very different brothers and their struggle to stay together. Dustin Hoffman won an Oscar for best actor for his memorable performance as the autistic Raymond	Rain Man is an Oscar-winning 1988 drama film written by Barry Morrow and Ronald Bass and directed by Barry Levinson. It tells the story of an abrasive and selfish yuppie, Charlie Babbitt, who discovers that his estranged father has died and bequeathed all of his multimillion-dollar estate to his other son, Raymond, an autistic savant of whose existence Charlie was unaware	The sensible drama about the reunification of two very different brothers and their struggle to stay together. Dustin Hoffman won an Oscar for best actor for his memorable performance as the autistic Raymond.	
Seinfeld	comedy, sitcom,goofy	The continuing misadventures of neurotic New York stand-up comedian Jerry Seinfeld and his equally neurotic New York friends	Seinfeld is an American television sitcom that originally aired on NBC.  Set predominantly in an apartment block in New York City's Manhattan's Upper West Side, the show features a host of Jerry's friends and acquaintances, in particular best friend George Costanza, former girlfriend Elaine Benes, and neighbor across the hall Cosmo Kramer	Jerry Seinfeld is a very successful stand-up comedian, mainly because the people around him offer an endless supply of great material. His best friend is George Costanza, a bald, whiny loser who craves the kind of success Jerry has but is never willing to do what it takes to get it. Jerry's neighbor Kramer often barges into his apartment and imposes onto his life. In the second episode Jerry's former girlfriend Elaine Benes comes back into his life, and the four of them are able to form a friendship together. The episodes were rarely very plot-heavy, focusing more on mundane conversations and situations that could be found during everyday life in New York.	
Star Wars: The Clone Wars	children, animation,futuristic,sci-fi,adventure,action,space	Animation Action Adventure The Grand Army of the Republic, led by Yoda, Mace Windu, Obi-Wan Kenobi, and other Jedi Knights, fights the New Droid Army of the Separatists	Star Wars: The Clone Wars is an American 3D CGI animated television series created by George Lucas and produced by Lucasfilm Animation. The series debuted on the US-version of Cartoon Network and is set in the fictional Star Wars galaxy	The Grand Clone Army of the Republic, led by Jedi Masters Yoda, Mace Windu, Obi-Wan Kenobi and other Masters must fight the New Droid Army of the Separatists to defend the Republic and the political stability of the galaxy. They face the cunning Dooku, the vicious General Grievous and the relentless Asajj Ventress on the field of battle, all the while, behind the scenes, Senator Palpatine manipulates things to his benefit.	
The Simpsons	animation, comedy,satire,goofy,debauchery,surreal	Animation Comedy The satiric adventures of a working class family in the misfit city of Springfield	The Simpsons is an American animated sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series is a satirical parody of a middle class American lifestyle epitomized by its family of the same name, which consists of Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie. The show is set in the fictional town of Springfield and parodies American culture, society, television and many aspects of the human condition	Originally created by cartoonist Matt Groening, "Our Favorite Family," has graced the small screen in one form or another for over 20 years. The Simpson family first appeared on television as the subjects of interstitial "shorts" on The Tracey Ullman Show in April of 1987. The Simpsons remained a staple on The Tracey Ullman Show for three seasons until they premiered in their own half-hour series, on December 17, 1989. With the help of Jim Brooks and Sam Simon, Matt Groening's cartoon family turned into an instant success. Set in Springfield, the average American town, the show focuses on the antics and everyday adventures of the Simpson family; Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie, as well as a virtual cast of thousands. Since the beginning, the series has been a pop culture icon, attracting hundreds of celebrities to guest star. The show has also made name for itself in its fearless satirical take on politics, media and American life in general. Currently in its 23st season, The Simpsons has piled up close to 500 episodes, 27 Emmy Awards, a handful of music albums, countless endorsements and merchandise, and even made the jump to the silver screen in the summer of 2007 with The Simpsons Movie. And according to Matt Groening, "There is no end in sight."	
Bob's Burgers	animation, comedy,sitcom	Animation Comedy Bob's Burgers centers on the Belcher family (consists of Bob, Linda, Tina, Gene and Louise) who own a hamburger restaurant. Bob's burgers are really delicious and appear to be better than his rivals' but when it comes to selling burgers, his kids aren't really helpful, as more customers head over to Jimmy Pesto's restaurant	Bob's Burgers is an American animated sitcom created by Loren Bouchard for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series centers on the Belchers - parents Bob and Linda, and their children Tina, Gene, and Louise - who run a hamburger restaurant	Bob's Burgers follows a third-generation restaurateur, Bob, as he runs Bob's Burgers with the help of his wife and their three kids. Bob and his quirky family have big ideas about burgers, but fall short on service and sophistication. Despite the greasy counters, lousy location and a dearth of customers, Bob and his family are determined to make Bob's Burgers "grand re-re-re-opening" a success.	
Family Guy	animation, comedy, sitcom,goofy,satire,debauchery	Animation Comedy In a wacky Rhode Island town, a dysfunctional family strive to cope with everyday life as they are thrown from one crazy scenario to another	Family Guy is an American animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series centers on the Griffins, a dysfunctional family consisting of parents Peter and Lois; their children Meg, Chris, and Stewie; and their anthropomorphic pet dog Brian. The show is set in the fictional city of Quahog, Rhode Island, and exhibits much of its humor in the form of cutaway gags that often lampoon American culture	Sick, twisted, politically incorrect and Freakin' Sweet animated series featuring the adventures of the dysfunctional Griffin family. Bumbling Peter and long-suffering Lois have three kids. Stewie (a brilliant but sadistic baby bent on killing his mother and taking over the world), Meg (the oldest, and is the most unpopular girl in town) and Chris (the middle kid, he's not very bright but has a passion for movies). The final member of the family is Brian - a talking dog and much more than a pet, he keeps Stewie in check whilst sipping Martinis and sorting through his own life issues.	
American Dad	animation, comedy, sitcom,goofy,satire,debauchery	Animation Comedy  The random escapades of Stan Smith, an extreme right wing CIA agent dealing with family life and keeping America safe, all in the most absurdist way possible	American Dad! is an American animated sitcom created by Seth MacFarlane. The series centers on the Smiths, a dysfunctional family consisting of parents Stan and Francine and their children, budding adolescent Steve and new-age hippie Hayley. Other main characters include Hayley's stoner husband Jeff Fischer; the family's pet, Klaus, a man in a fish's body; and Roger, an alien who Stan has rescued from government capture and harbors in the family's attic.  The show is set in the fictional town of Langley Falls, Virginia in the Washington, D.C. metro area, which is a gesture of parody of the actual town of Langley, Virginia, home to the headquarters of the CIA. Unlike its sister show Family Guy, American Dad! does not use cutaway gags, but rather focuses more on situational humor and non sequiturs.	The show revolves around C.I.A. Agent Stan Smith, and his not so average family. Stan is constantly fighting off terrorists who threaten the safety of the United States, sometimes causing more harm than good. His wife Francine is your average house wife. She juggles Stan and the kids while keeping a sound mind. Hayley, Stan's only daughter, is your average rebellious teenager. She speaks her own mind, and does things her own way. Steve, Stan's only son, is a bit of a "geek". He enjoys games like Dungeons and Dragons, and participating in comic book conventions. Although he's not Stan's dream son, he always makes him proud. Then there's Roger, the illegal alien (literally) who the Smith's are keeping protected. Roger deals with your average alien emotions, and the fact that he is not allowed out in public, which causes him great distress. Last but not least, Klaus, the Smith's wisecracking talking fish (well, after he was removed from his body) who is secretly in love with Francine.	
Bones	crime, comedy, drama, medical,police	A forensic anthropologist and a cocky FBI agent build a team to investigate death causes. And quite often, there isn't more to examine than rotten flesh or mere bones	Bones is an American crime comedy-drama television series that premiered on the Fox network in the United States on September 13, 2005. The show is based on forensic anthropology and forensic archaeology, with each episode focusing on an FBI case file concerning the mystery behind human remains brought by FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth (David Boreanaz) to the forensic anthropologist Dr. Temperance "Bones" Brennan (Emily Deschanel).	F.B.I. Agent Seeley Booth is teamed up with forensic anthropologist Dr. Temperance "Bones" Brennan to solve some of the most baffling and bizarre crimes ever. Booth depends on clues from the living, witnesses and suspects, while Brennan gathers evidence from the dead, relying on her uncanny ability to read clues left behind in the bones of the victims.	
The Mob Doctor	crime, medical, drama,criminal,health	Crime Drama  A young thoracic surgeon becomes indebted to the South Chicago mafia and is forced to moonlight as a mob doctor, while also working full time at Chicago's most prominent hospital	The series follows Grace Devlin, a surgical resident, who juggles her hospital duties with protecting her brother from the Mob. Grace works off her debt by killing or helping anyone they demand.	Dr. Grace Devlin is a top resident at ChicagoÕs Roosevelt Medical Center. SheÕs heralded as one of the countryÕs most promising young surgeons. But family ties keep her glued to her Southside roots. To pay off her brotherÕs life-threatening gambling debt, she makes a deal with the devil and agrees to work Òoff bookÓ for the mafia men she once despised. During the day, Grace must deal with the emotionally compelling cases at Roosevelt Medical, but in her other vastly different world, she must juggle an onslaught of mob-related demands. All the while, Grace must keep her dual life a secret from everyone.	
Raising Hope	comedy, family, drama	Comedy Drama Family.  Jimmy becomes a single parent to an infant after the mother he had a one-night stand with ends up on death row.	James "Jimmy" Chance is a clueless 23-year-old who must raise his infant daughter, conceived from a one-night stand, with the help of his flawed family after the baby's mother (who has killed multiple boyfriends) is sentenced to death and electrocuted when the baby is only six months old	At 23 years old, Jimmy Chance is going nowhere in life. He skims pools for a living, parties every night and still lives at home with his family, including his parents and his cousin, Mike. Jimmy's life takes a drastic turn when a chance romantic encounter with Lucy goes awry once he discovers she is a wanted felon. Months later, when Jimmy pays a visit to the local prison, he discovers Lucy gave birth to their baby, who he is now charged with raising.	
Ben and Kate	comedy	Comedy	The series focuses on the lives of a brother and sister who are exact opposites: Ben is an over-the-top dreamer, while younger sister Kate is a single mother trying to make ends meet as a bar manager. After Ben realizes that his sister needs help with both her life and taking care of her daughter Maddie, he decides to move in so Kate can start rediscovering what she missed out, while at the same time Kate hopes to return the favor by seeing how she can bring her brother back to reality	Kate Fox followed the rules all her lifeÉuntil she got pregnant in college and dropped out just shy of graduation. After the birth of her daughter, Maddie, Kate put her twenties on hold. Now working as a bar manager to make ends meet and maximize her time with five-year-old Maddie, sheÕs uber-prepared for every possible catastrophe Ð except for the arrival of her older brother, Ben Fox.	
New Girl	comedy, sitcom,goofy	After a bad break-up, Jess, an offbeat young woman, moves into an apartment loft with three single men. Although they find her behavior very unusual, the men support her - most of the time	Jessica "Jess" Day (played by Zooey Deschanel), a quirky, bubbly woman in her late twenties who teaches at a local Los Angeles elementary school. Jess begins looking for a new place to live after catching her boyfriend cheating on her. Seeing an ad for a new roommate on Craigslist, she moves in with three young men: Nick, Schmidt, and Coach. Very shortly after her move, Coach moves out, and is replaced by Winston, another young man who had previously lived in the apartment with Nick and Schmidt	Jessica Day is an offbeat and adorable girl in her late 20s who, after a bad breakup, moves in with three single guys. Goofy, positive, vulnerable and honest to a fault, Jess has faith in people, even when she shouldn't. Although she's dorky and awkward, she's comfortable in her own skin. More prone to friendships with women, she's not used to hanging with the boys--especially at home.	
The Mindy Project	comedy, medical	Comedy  A young Ob/Gyn doctor balances her personal and professional life, surrounded by quirky co-workers in a small office	The series follows a single physician (played by Kaling) with a unique persona as she tries to navigate her way through her personal and professional life. The character was inspired by Kaling's mother, who was an OB/GYN	Mindy Lahiri can quote every romantic comedy starring Meg Ryan that exists. She loves the good ones and the bad ones, because the girl always gets the guy. Mindy is determined to be more punctual, spend less money, lose weight and read more books Ð all in pursuit of becoming a well-rounded perfect womanÉwho can meet and date the perfect guy. Mindy is a skilled OB/GYN and shares a practice with a few other doctors, none of whom make life any easier for her. Jeremy Reed is the walking definition of total bad news. He not only shares a practice with Mindy, but sometimes her bed as well Ð despite her best efforts to resist. He is funny, self-absorbed and super sexy. In contrast, Danny Castellano is a hothead and guysÕ guy who has a habit of stealing MindyÕs patients. As Mindy attempts to get her career off the ground and meet a guy who passes her red flag test, only time will tell if she gets her romantic comedy ending.	
The Princess and the Frog	family, children, music, animated,fantasy	A fairy tale set in Jazz Age-era New Orleans and centered on a young woman named Tiana and her fateful kiss with a frog prince who desperately wants to be human again.	The Princess and the Frog is a 2009 American animated musical-family film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios, inspired in part by E. D. Baker's novel The Frog Princess, which was in turn inspired by the Grimm brothers' fairy tale "The Frog Prince".	A fairy tale set in Jazz Age-era New Orleans and centered on a young woman named Tiana and her fateful kiss with a frog prince who desperately wants to be human again.	
I (Almost) Got Away With It	documentary, crime,criminal,police	-	I (Almost) Got Away With It is a documentary television series airing on Investigation Discovery since 2009. The show features true stories of people who committed crimes, then attempted to escape arrest but eventually got caught. While on the run, the fugitives do anything from robbing gas stations to stealing Crystal Gayle's tour bus.	A documentary television series featuring true stories of people who committed crimes and then attempted to escape arrest (but eventually got caught).	
American Chopper	auto, reality, comedy,documentary	Documentary series about the goings-on behind the scenes at Orange County Choppers, a custom motorcycle fabrication company located in Montgomery, New York. The series is also a study of the interplay between the Teutels, Paul Sr. and Jr., and the stress that both experience when creating motorcycles as works of art.	American Chopper is a reality television series that airs on Discovery Channel, produced by Pilgrim Films & Television. The series centers on Paul Teutul, Sr. (frequently called Senior), and his son Paul Teutul, Jr. (also known as Paulie or simply Junior), who manufacture custom chopper-style motorcycles. Orange County Choppers is in Newburgh, New York. The contrasting work and creative styles of the father/son team and their resulting verbal arguments were the series' hallmark until 2008 when a culminating explosive argument led to Paul Jr.'s termination and departure to start a competing chopper company (Paul Jr. Designs).	Documentary series about the goings-on behind the scenes at Orange County Choppers, a custom motorcycle fabrication company located in Montgomery, New York. The series is also a study of the interplay between the Teutels, Paul Sr. and Jr., and the stress that both experience when creating motorcycles as works of art.	
Overhaulin'	auto, reality,spy,rescue	Do You Know Where Your Car Is? Where the owner gets tricked, and the car gets tricked out!	The show's premise was that an unknowing "victim" Ð the mark, in the show's language Ñ is nominated to be "Overhauled" by his or her family or friends, the insiders. The mark's car, usually an old and tired antique car, was obtained through some ruse. Some common examples included the car being "stolen" by Chris and Chip, a car being misplaced or lost at a mechanic's shop, or the car being towed away by "police."	Do You Know Where Your Car Is? Where the owner gets tricked, and the car gets tricked out!	
Alaska: The Last Frontier	family, drama, nature	Centers on the Kilcher family and their community outside Homer, Alaska. Led by patriarch Atz Kilcher, singer Jewel's father, the family have lived on their land for three generations. The show also focuses on the homesteaders who live by the Kilchers, including, Brother Roadkill, who eats animals lying dead on the side of the road.	-	Centers on the Kilcher family and their community outside Homer, Alaska.	
Sons of Guns	reality, crime,criminal	Will Hayden runs Red Jacket, the nation's most unique weapons business. From guns to knives to swords to cannons, Will sells, trades, buys, builds and customizes them all. When Will isn't rebuilding a "bring-back" rifle from the Vietnam War or re-stringing a bow to hunt swamp gators, he can be found in his Louisiana Bayou shop swapping gossip with his customers that range from housewives to members of the SWAT team. Will, his daughter Stephanie, and the rest of his crew, race to keep up with the demands of their clientle and turn out top notch weapons. But whether it's having a lunch break shooting contest, going on a nighttime bayou bow fishing trip or field testing a fully automatic M2 .50 caliber machine gun, viewers will catch the Red Jacket team always finding time to have some fun. 	Sons of Guns is a reality television series that airs on the Discovery Channel.[1] The series centers on Red Jacket Firearms LLC, a Louisiana-based business that manufactures and sells custom weapons. Will Hayden is the founder and owner of the shop, while his daughter and business partner Stephanie manages the office.	Will Hayden runs Red Jacket, the nation's most unique weapons business. From guns to knives to swords to cannons, Will sells, trades, buys, builds and customizes them all.	
Fast N' Loud	auto, reality	These guys cruise for the classics. Meet self-described petrol-sexual motorhead Richard Rawlings and mechanical prodigy Aaron Kaufmann as they search far-flung corners of the country for forgotten and derelict classic cars to restore at their Gas Monkey Garage. Heaps of rust are transformed into gleaming road warriors and sold to the top bidder.	-	These guys cruise for the classics. Meet self-described petrol-sexual motorhead Richard Rawlings and mechanical prodigy Aaron Kaufmann as they search far-flung corners of the country for forgotten and derelict classic cars to restore at their Gas Monkey Garage. Heaps of rust are transformed into gleaming road warriors and sold to the top bidder.	
Bering Sea Gold: Under the Ice	nature, reality	Follows three gold mining teams run by driven dredge captains whose very livelihoods depend on mining this wet and frozen gold. Split second thinking, extreme focus, and team work are key to staying alive under the ice. The risks are great, and the payoff even greater.	-	Follows three gold mining teams run by driven dredge captains whose very livelihoods depend on mining this wet and frozen gold. Split second thinking, extreme focus, and team work are key to staying alive under the ice. The risks are great, and the payoff even greater.	
Yukon Men	documentary, reality, nature	-	Yukon Men is an unscripted American documentary cable television series aired on the Discovery Channel. It is produced by Paper Route Productions for Discovery Channel.  The series documents the harsh life in the Alaskan village of Tanana where the population make their living by hunting and trapping game.[2][3] It premiered on August 24, 2012.[4] The show's prominent themes are community and survival. The television show is named after the nearby Yukon river and not the Yukon territory in Canada	Documents the harsh life in the Alaskan village of Tanana where the population make their living by hunting and trapping game.	
Austin & Ally	comedy, music, teen	A comedy about the unique relationship between a young songwriter, Ally Dawson, and Austin Moon, the overnight internet sensation who gains sudden notoriety after performing one of Ally's songs. Austin and Ally struggle with how to maintain and capitalize on Austin's newfound fame. Austin is more of a rebel type who doesn't follow the rules and is somewhat immature for his age, while Ally is conservative yet self-conscious.  A songwriter, Ally Dawson, works at a music store called Sonic Boom. One day, she meets a boy named Austin Moon. Austin steals a song from Ally and becomes an overnight sensation. Later, Ally forgives Austin and and they become partners with the help of Ally the shy songwriter and Austin the spotlight star.	Set in Miami, Austin & Ally is a multi-camera comedy about the relationship formed by two very different musicians: extroverted singer and instrumentalist Austin Moon, who is constantly getting into trouble; and serious and talented songwriter Ally Dawson, who can sing but has an extreme case of stage fright. Austin becomes famous after he secretly records one of Ally's songs, creates a video for it with the help of his friend Dez, and posts it on the internet. However, he did so without Ally's knowledge, and once Ally, convinced by her friend Trish, takes credit for her song, Austin must convince her to write more songs for him. The two agree to work together and struggle with how to keep Austin's newfound fame and profit from it, with the help of Trish and Dez, while all four keep up with their high school and everyday lives.	A comedy about the unique relationship between a young songwriter, Ally Dawson, and Austin Moon, the overnight internet sensation who gains sudden notoriety after performing one of Ally's songs.	
My Babysitter's a Vampire	comedy, horror, teen,vampires	No parents. No rules. No pulse.	My Babysitter's a Vampire is a Canadian vampire-adventure and comedy horror television film starring Vanessa Morgan and Matthew Knight. The film's plot centers around a group of teenagers, one of them a vamipre unwittingly hired by a couple to babysit their daughter in lieu of their somewhat untrustworthy son, and their efforts to foil a plot to resurrect a cult group of deceased vampires.	No parents. No rules. No pulse.	
Good Luck Charlie	family, sitcom	Good Luck Charlie is an original Disney Channel television sitcom, which premiered April 4, 2010. The series was created by Phil Baker and Drew Vaupen, who wanted to create a program that would appeal to entire families, as opposed to children only. It revolves around a Denver family, the Duncans, as they try to adjust to the birth of their fourth child, Charlotte "Charlie" Duncan (Mia Talerico). In each episode, Teddy Duncan (Bridgit Mendler) creates a video diary containing advice for Charlie about their family and life as a teenager. Teddy tries to show Charlie what she might go through when she is older in the video diaries for future reference. Each video diary ends with Teddy (or someone else from the family, even Charlie) saying the eponymous phrase, "Good luck, Charlie."	The series centers on the Duncan family, who are still adjusting to the birth of their fourth child, Charlotte "Charlie" Duncan (Mia Talerico).[5] When parents Amy (Leigh-Allyn Baker), a nurse, and Bob (Eric Allan Kramer), an exterminator, return to work, they ask their three older childrenÑPJ (Jason Dolley), Teddy (Bridgit Mendler), and Gabe (Bradley Steven Perry)Ñto help raise their little sister. At the same time, Teddy, PJ, and Gabe try to deal with school and typical social challenges in their life.  The events of each episode become material for a video diary Teddy is making for her younger sister. Teddy hopes the videos will provide useful advice for Charlie after they have both grown up and Teddy has moved out. Also at the end of each video, she (and/or other cast members) states, "Good luck, Charlie" or may even say it indirectly such as "Wish them good luck, Charlie."[7] During the movie, Amy reveals to Teddy that she is pregnant with her fifth child, which Teddy is trying to adjust to but this story plot is not carried into the actual series until the third season. In the third season, Amy gives birth to a baby boy, Toby.	A family-oriented sitcom centering on the Duncans.	
Gravity Falls	comedy, adventure, teen	-	The show concerns the adventures of 12 year-old twin brother and sister Dipper and Mabel Pines, whose summer plans are ruined when their parents send them off to their Great Uncle Stan in the fictional town of Gravity Falls, Oregon. "Grunkle" Stan lives in and runs The Mystery Shack, a tourist trap which overcharges unlucky visitors for a glimpse at the world's most bizarre museum, but little do Dipper and Mabel know that there really is something very strange going on and they must rely on one another to find their way in this unfamiliar town	The show concerns the adventures of 12 year-old twin brother and sister Dipper and Mabel Pines, whose summer plans are ruined when their parents send them off to their Great Uncle Stan in the fictional town of Gravity Falls, Oregon.	
Code 9	comedy, reality,spy	-	Code: 9 is a hidden camera/reality series that premiered on July 26, 2012 on Disney Channel.[2] It is hosted by In the Qube star Wes Dening. The series involves a family pulling a prank with their unsuspecting parents. The entire group has to plan and execute the prank with one family member going undercover to pull the prank off.	People planning and executing pranks on their unsuspecting parents.	
Bolt	sci-fi, action, animation, children, adventure,heroic	The canine star of a fictional sci-fi/action show that believes his powers are real embarks on a cross country trek to save his co-star from a threat he believes is just as real.	Bolt is a 2008 American computer-animated adventure/action comedy A girl named Penny and a dog named Bolt star on a hit television series called Bolt in which the titular character has various superpowers and must constantly thwart the evil plans of the nefarious Doctor Calico.	The canine star of a fictional sci-fi/action show that believes his powers are real embarks on a cross country trek to save his co-star from a threat he believes is just as real.	
Phineas and Ferb	animation, children, comedy,bizarre	An animated comedy about two stepbrothers who find inventive things to do on each day of their summer vacation such as building a roller coaster out of materials you would find in your everyday home like Popsicle sticks, indoor plumbing, etc. Unbeknownst to them, their pet platypus, Perry, leads a double life as a secret agent.	Phineas and Ferb is an American animated television comedy-musical series. Originally broadcast as a preview on August 17, 2007, and officially premiered on February 1, 2008 on Disney Channel, the series follows Phineas Flynn and his English stepbrother Ferb Fletcher[1] on summer vacation. Every day, the boys embark on some grand new project, which annoys their controlling sister, Candace, who frequently tries to reveal their shenanigans to the boys' mother, Linda Flynn-Fletcher, and less frequently to their father, Lawrence Fletcher. The series follows a standard plot system; running gags occur every episode, and the B-Plot almost always features Perry the Platypus working as a spy ("Agent P") for the OWCA (Organization Without a Cool Acronym), to fight an evil scientist named Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz. However, Dr. Doofenshmirtz, or Doof as he refers to himself, feels the need to assert his evilness. Sometimes, other villains scoff at his level of evil.	An animated comedy about two stepbrothers who find inventive things to do on each day of their summer vacation such as building a roller coaster out of materials you would find in your everyday home like Popsicle sticks, indoor plumbing, etc. Unbeknownst to them, their pet platypus, Perry, leads a double life as a secret agent.	
Mostly Ghostly	paranormal, teen,ghosts,mystery	Based on the successful book series by R.L. Stine, Max Doyle finds he has a few friends living in his house that only he can see.	The plot revolves around Max, an 11 year old boy who ends up meeting two ghosts named Nicky and Tara who are trying to find their parents. The ghosts make Max a deal: If he can help them find out how they died and what happened to their parents, they'll help make his life better. But they usually end up ruining things. Nevertheless, Max still tries to help them solve the mystery, and the three encounter various villains and somewhat silly adventures.	Based on the successful book series by R.L. Stine, Max Doyle finds he has a few friends living in his house that only he can see.	
A.N.T. Farm	teen, sitcom, music	Chyna Parks, a musical prodigy, gets into a gifted program called Advanced Natural Talents at the local high school. Along with her fellow 'ANTs' she must navigate the halls of a new school of older kids who're not particularly fond of grade-skipping newbies.	A.N.T. Farm is a Disney Channel television sitcom Taking place in San Francisco, the series stars China Anne McClain, Sierra McCormick and Jake Short as middle-schoolers in a gifted program at their local high school called the "Advanced Natural Talent" (or "A.N.T.") program.	Chyna Parks, a musical prodigy, gets into a gifted program called Advanced Natural Talents at the local high school. Along with her fellow 'ANTs' she must navigate the halls of a new school of older kids who're not particularly fond of grade-skipping newbies.	
Jessie	family, teen, sitcom	A Texan teen moves to New York City to follow her dreams and ends up as a nanny for a high profile couple's four children.	Jessie (stylized as JESSIE) is an American television sitcom which premiered on September 30, 2011 on the Disney Channel.[1][2] The series was created and executive produced by Pamela Eells O'Connell and stars Debby Ryan as Jessie, a small town Texas girl who moves to New York City and becomes a nanny to a high profile couple's four children	A Texan teen moves to New York City to follow her dreams and ends up as a nanny for a high profile couple's four children.	
Fish Hooks	children, animation, comedy	This inventive animated comedy series, set inside a giant fish tank in Bud's Pet Shop, presents high school life as seen through the eyes of three BFFs (best fish friends), Bea, Milo and Oscar. Together they experience the typical life challenges and triumphs, including friendship, dating and sports, along with more atypical situations such as giant lobster attacks and, with the use of special land suits, school field trips to the hamster cages. The series was created by children's book illustrator Noah Z. Jones and features a notable voice cast. It's produced using an innovative mixture of digital animation and photo collage.	The series revolves around adolescent fish Milo, his shy brother Oscar, and their "overly dramatic" friend Bea Goldfishberg. They attend a school submerged in an aquarium in a pet store. The series chronicles their daily lives as they with everything from eel attacks and field trips to romance and homework. In the credits sequence of each episode, there is a 30-second short featuring a rattlesnake and a mouse having various conversations and banter	This inventive animated comedy series, set inside a giant fish tank in Bud's Pet Shop, presents high school life as seen through the eyes of three BFFs (best fish friends), Bea, Milo and Oscar. Together they experience the typical life challenges and triumphs, including friendship, dating and sports, along with more atypical situations such as giant lobster attacks and, with the use of special land suits, school field trips to the hamster cages. The series was created by children's book illustrator Noah Z. Jones and features a notable voice cast. It's produced using an innovative mixture of digital animation and photo collage.	
Shake It Up!	teen, music,adventure	Two Chicago teens attempt to realize their dream of becoming professional dancers by landing spots on a popular local show.	Shake It Up revolves around the adventures of best friends Rocky Blue (Zendaya) and CeCe Jones (Bella Thorne) who, with the help of their longtime friend Deuce Martinez (Adam Irigoyen), fulfill their favorite dreams of becoming professional dancers when they land roles as dancers on a local show, "Shake It Up, Chicago!".[6] Cece and Rocky deal with their circumstances, by adapting and maintaining their social status at school while watching CeCe's little brother, Flynn (Davis Cleveland); and the antics of their TV show which includes their matching the skills of their competition, notably brother and sister, Gunther and Tinka	Two Chicago teens attempt to realize their dream of becoming professional dancers by landing spots on a popular local show.	
Jack and Jill	comedy,bizarre,debauchery,goofy	Family guy Jack Sadelstein prepares for the annual event he dreads: the Thanksgiving visit of his twin sister, the needy and passive-aggressive Jill, who then refuses to leave.	Jack and Jill is a 2011 comedy film starring Adam Sandler 	Family guy Jack Sadelstein prepares for the annual event he dreads: the Thanksgiving visit of his twin sister, the needy and passive-aggressive Jill, who then refuses to leave.	
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo	suspense, mystery, crime,insane	Journalist Mikael Blomkvist is aided in his search for a woman who has been missing for forty years by Lisbeth Salander, a young computer hacker.	The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (original title in Swedish: MŠn som hatar kvinnorÊÐ literally, men who hate women) is a crime novel	Journalist Mikael Blomkvist is aided in his search for a woman who has been missing for forty years by Lisbeth Salander, a young computer hacker.	
Boss	drama,health	The series follows Tom Kane, the mayor of Chicago, who has recently been diagnosed with a degenerative neurological disorder. Determined to remain in charge, Kane conceals the disease from everyone around him except his own physician, Dr Ella Harris. Those around Kane are too busy with their own lives to notice anything unusual. Kane's marriage to his wife Meredith is nothing more than one of convenience. Kane's closest advisors, Kitty O'Neill and Ezra Stone, begin to suspect something is wrong with the Mayor but respect him too much to ask any questions, while State Treasurer Ben Zajac is too busy cultivating his political ambitions to become the next Governor of Illinois to notice anything out of the ordinary. Kane's daughter, Emma, is the only one who suspects that something is wrong with her father. But does she know enough to uncover his secret and what will it mean for his political career?	Boss is an American political drama television serial created by Farhad Safinia. The series stars Kelsey Grammer as Tom Kane, the mayor of Chicago, who has recently been diagnosed with dementia with Lewy bodies, a degenerative neurological disorder.	The series follows Tom Kane, the mayor of Chicago, who has recently been diagnosed with a degenerative neurological disorder. Determined to remain in charge, Kane conceals the disease from everyone around him except his own physician, Dr Ella Harris.	
The Vow	romance, drama,health	A car accident puts Paige in a coma, and when she wakes up with severe memory loss, her husband Leo works to win her heart again.	-	A car accident puts Paige in a coma, and when she wakes up with severe memory loss, her husband Leo works to win her heart again.	
Shanghai Knights	comedy, fantasy, action, adventure,fighting,historical,goofy	When a Chinese rebel murders Chon's estranged father and escapes to England, Chon and Roy make their way to London with revenge on their minds.	Shanghai Knights is a 2003 action-comedy film. It is the sequel to Shanghai Noon  	When a Chinese rebel murders Chon's estranged father and escapes to England, Chon and Roy make their way to London with revenge on their minds.	
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King	fantasy, adventure, action, comedy, war,monster,heroic,villains	Aragorn leads the World of Men against Sauron's army to draw the dark lord's gaze from Frodo and Sam who are on the doorstep of Mount Doom with the One Ring.	The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is a 2003 epic[2][3] fantasy-drama film directed by Peter Jackson that is based on the second and third volumes of J. R. R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. It is the concluding film in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy, following The Fellowship of the Ring (2001) and The Two Towers (2002).  As Sauron launches the final stages of his conquest of Middle-earth, Gandalf the Wizard, and ThŽoden King of Rohan rally their forces to help defend Gondor's capital Minas Tirith from the looming threat. Aragorn finally claims the throne of Gondor and summons an army of ghosts to help him defeat Sauron. Ultimately, even with full strength of arms, they realise they cannot win; so it comes down to the Hobbits, Frodo and Sam, to bear the burden of the Ring and deal with the treachery of Gollum. After a long journey they finally arrive in the dangerous lands of Mordor, seeking to destroy the One Ring in the place it was created, the volcanic fires of Mount Doom	Aragorn leads the World of Men against Sauron's army to draw the dark lord's gaze from Frodo and Sam who are on the doorstep of Mount Doom with the One Ring.	
Country Strong	romance, drama, music	A rising country-music songwriter works with a fallen star to work their way fame, causing romantic complications along the way.	Country Strong (originally titled Love DonÕt Let Me Down) is a 2010 drama film starring Gwyneth Paltrow, Tim McGraw, Garrett Hedlund, and Leighton Meester. The film, about an emotionally unstable country music star who attempts to resurrect her career	A rising country-music songwriter works with a fallen star to work their way fame, causing romantic complications along the way.	
The Smurfs	animation, children, comedy,surreal,villains,magical	When the evil wizard Gargamel chases the tiny blue Smurfs out of their village, they tumble from their magical world into New York City.	a Belgian comic and television franchise centered on a group of small blue fictional creatures called Smurfs, created and first introduced as a series of comic strips by the Belgian cartoonist Peyo (pen name of Pierre Culliford) on October 23, 1958. In total, there are 101 'Smurfs', whose names are based on adjectives that emphasize their characteristics, e.g. 'Jokey Smurf', who likes to play practical jokes on his fellow smurfs, 'Clumsy Smurf', who has a habit of creating havoc unintentionally, and 'Smurfette' -- the only female member of the Smurfs.	When the evil wizard Gargamel chases the tiny blue Smurfs out of their village, they tumble from their magical world into New York City.	
Camelot	fantasy, adventure, action, war,heroic,mythic	King Uther dies suddenly. Britain is facing chaos. The sorcerer Merlin appoints the not so known son and heir Arthur as the king who was raised as a commoner, but his half sister has other plans. Arthur faces tough times and will be tested beyond imagination.	Camelot was a historical-fantasy-drama television series	King Uther dies suddenly. Britain is facing chaos. The sorcerer Merlin appoints the not so known son and heir Arthur as the king who was raised as a commoner, but his half sister has other plans. Arthur faces tough times and will be tested beyond imagination.	
The Muppets	children, comedy,goofy	With the help of three fans, The Muppets must reunite to save their old theater from a greedy oil tycoon.	The Muppets are a group of puppet characters created by Jim Henson starting in 1954Ð55. Although the term is often used to refer to any puppet that resembles the distinctive style of The Muppet Show children	With the help of three fans, The Muppets must reunite to save their old theater from a greedy oil tycoon.	
The Karate Kid	action, drama, teen, comedy,fighting,martial	Work causes a single mother to move to China with her young son; in his new home, the boy embraces kung fu, taught to him by a master.	The Karate Kid (Chinese: ___; literally "The Kung Fu Dream"; sometimes Karate Kid 5[4]) is a 2010 American martial arts comedy drama film and remake of the 1984 film of the same name.	Work causes a single mother to move to China with her young son; in his new home, the boy embraces kung fu, taught to him by a master.	
Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen	action, adventure, sci-fi,futuristic,fighting,robots,monster,alien	Sam Witwicky leaves the Autobots behind for a normal life. But when his mind is filled with cryptic symbols, the Decepticons target him and he is dragged back into the Transformers' war.	Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen is a 2009 American science fiction action film directed by Michael Bay and produced by Steven Spielberg. It is a sequel to 2007's Transformers and the second installment in the live-action Transformers series. The plot revolves around Sam Witwicky (Shia LaBeouf), the man caught in the war between two factions of alien robots, the Autobots and the Decepticons. Sam is having hallucinatory episodes of Cybertronian symbols, and is being hunted by the Decepticons under the orders of their long-trapped leader, The Fallen, who seeks to get revenge on Earth by finding and activating a machine that would provide the Decepticons with an energon source, destroying the Sun and all life on Earth in the process.	Sam Witwicky leaves the Autobots behind for a normal life. But when his mind is filled with cryptic symbols, the Decepticons target him and he is dragged back into the Transformers' war.	
What Happens in Vegas	romance, comedy	A man and a woman are compelled, for legal reasons, to live life as a couple for a limited period of time. At stake is a large amount of money.	What Happens in Vegas is a 2008 American romantic comedy film from 20th Century Fox starring Cameron Diaz and Ashton Kutcher	A man and a woman are compelled, for legal reasons, to live life as a couple for a limited period of time. At stake is a large amount of money.	
Taken	action, crime,justice,heroic,violence	A retired CIA agent travels across Europe and relies on his old skills to save his estranged daughter, who was kidnapped on a trip to Paris to be sold into prostitution.	Taken is a 2008 French thriller film produced by Luc Besson, starring Liam Neeson, Maggie Grace and Famke Janssen. The screenplay was written by Besson and Robert Mark Kamen, and directed by Pierre Morel. Neeson plays a former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) operative who sets about tracking down his daughter after she is kidnapped by human traffickers while traveling in France	A retired CIA agent travels across Europe and relies on his old skills to save his estranged daughter, who was kidnapped on a trip to Paris to be sold into prostitution.	
Grown Ups	comedy, sports,basketball	After their high school basketball coach passes away, five good friends and former teammates reunite for a Fourth of July holiday weekend.	Grown Ups is a 2010 American buddy comedy film 	After their high school basketball coach passes away, five good friends and former teammates reunite for a Fourth of July holiday weekend.	
I Love Jenni	family, reality, music	Follow the lives of Mexican-American singing sensation Jenni Rivera and her big, loud, funny family.	I Love Jenni is a Mexican-American reality television series, observing and documenting the personal and professional lives of Mexican-American singer Jenni Rivera and those close to her	Follow the lives of Mexican-American singing sensation Jenni Rivera and her big, loud, funny family.	
Bellator Fighting Championships	sports, competition,fighting	-	Bellator Fighting Championships (Bellator) is the 2nd largest mixed martial arts (MMA) promotion in the USA[2] and the largest tournament-based MMA organization in the world. Headquartered in Newport Beach, California, the company was formed in 2008 by Chairman and CEO Bjorn Rebney. BellatorÕs events are primarily structured around a tournament format that allows competitors the opportunity to fight for a world championship in their desired weight class. Fighters determine their own path by winning tournament fights until a winner from the eight man field is crowned. The tournament winner is declared the number one contender and is awarded a check for $100,000 and a shot at the reigning world champion	Fighters determine their own path by winning tournament fights until a winner from the eight man field is crowned. The tournament winner is declared the number one contender and is awarded a check for $100,000 and a shot at the reigning world champion.	
NASCAR Racing	sports, auto,racing	-	The National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR) is a family-owned and -operated business venture that sanctions and governs multiple auto racing sports events. It was founded by Bill France, Sr. in 1947Ð48. As of 2009, the CEO for the company is Brian France, grandson of Bill France, Sr.[1] NASCAR is the largest sanctioning body of stock car racing in the United States.[2] The three largest racing series sanctioned by NASCAR are the Sprint Cup Series, the Nationwide Series, and the Camping World Truck Series. It also oversees NASCAR Local Racing, the Whelen Modified Tour, the Whelen All-American Series, and the NASCAR iRacing.com Series. NASCAR sanctions over 1500 races at over 100 tracks in 39 US states and Canada. NASCAR has presented exhibition races at the Suzuka and Motegi circuits in Japan, Mexico, and Calder Park Raceway in Australia	Drivers compete in stock cars on various tracks throughout the USA for the Sprint Cup National Championship.	
My Classic Car	auto, documentary	-	The series features major classic automobile shows and collections, usually in the United States but occasionally in other countries, including Canada and the United Kingdom. Some episodes focus on celebrities and prolific car collectors such as talk show host Jay Leno. Every episode also features a segment now sponsored by Autogeek Garage, a source for auto detailing supplies, car wax, car care products, car polishes, auto accessories, polishers, and car detailing tools.	The series features major classic automobile shows and collections, usually in the United States but occasionally in other countries, including Canada and the United Kingdom.	
Car Crazy	auto, documentary	-	Car Crazy is a Speed Channel television series about automotive enthusiasts, hosted by Barry Meguiar, President and CEO of the Meguiar's car care product empire. Each episode features various interviews with automotive enthusiasts, which Barry refers as 'car guys'. Some episodes also feature Meguiar's Award.  In each episode, Barry expresses the joys of being a "car guy" in missionary fashion. On various occasions, Barry has claimed that his "car hobby" is a form of incurable disease, and it is his job to spread this 'disease' to all over the world. Barry claims the 'disease' is also genetically inherited	Hosted by Barry Meguiar, Car Crazy is a Speed Channel television series about automotive enthusiasts.  Each episode features various interviews with automotive enthusiasts, which Barry refers as 'car guys'.	
My Ride Rules	auto, reality, competition	-	Three contestents judge each others' cars and vote on who has the best car.  Winners receive a big reward.	Three contestents judge each others' cars and vote on who has the best car.  Winners receive a big reward.	
Dumbest Stuff on Wheels	auto, comedy, reality,debauchery,goofy	-	Videos of stupid people doing stupid things on motorcycles, cars, ATVs, and improvised vehicles.	Videos of stupid people doing stupid things on motorcycles, cars, ATVs, and improvised vehicles.	
101 Cars You Must Drive	auto, comedy, documentary	-	101 Cars you Must Drive was[1] a Speed TV program hosted by actor and comedian Alonzo Bodden. The premise of the program is that there will be (at least) 101 cars, and that all 5 cars within a particular episode can be linked to one another in some fashion	Hosted by actor and comedian Alonzo Bodden, the premise of the program is that there will be (at least) 101 cars, and that all 5 cars within a particular episode can be linked to one another in some fashion.	
Formula One Racing	sports, auto,racing	-	A Formula One race or Grand Prix is a sporting event which takes place over three days (usually Friday to Sunday), with a series of practice and qualifying sessions prior to a race on Sunday.  Current regulations provide for two free practice sessions on Friday, a practice session and a qualifying session on Saturday, and the race on Sunday, though the structure of the weekend has changed numerous times over the history of the sport.	Top drivers in the world compete on street course racing circuits in exotic locations.	
The Last Word With Lawrence O'Donnell	news, commentary,politics	-	The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell is an hour-long weeknight (Mon-Thurs) news and political commentary program on MSNBC. The program airs live at 10:00 P.M. Eastern Time Monday-Thursday, and is hosted by Lawrence O'Donnell.[1] O'Donnell is described by MSNBC as "providing the last word on the biggest issues and most compelling stories of the day."	News and political commentary.	
The Ed Show	news, commentary	-	The Ed Show is an hour-long weeknight news commentary program on MSNBC. The program is hosted by Ed Schultz, who hosts the nationally syndicated radio program	News commentary hosted by Ed Schultz.	
The Rachel Maddow Show	news, commentary	Air America's liberal talk show host discusses current events, with an emphasis on politics.	The Rachel Maddow Show is a news and opinion television program that airs weeknights on MSNBC at 9:00Êpm ET. It is hosted by Rachel Maddow, who gained popularity with her frequent appearances as a liberal pundit on various MSNBC programs	Air America's liberal talk show host discusses current events, with an emphasis on politics.	
My Cat From Hell	reality, nature	-	My Cat from Hell is a reality television program produced by 3 Ball Productions for Animal Planet that premiered in May 2011 and is currently running. It stars Jackson Galaxy, a cat trainer (behaviorists hold degrees in behavioral sciences, Jackson doesn't have one or any formal training) who visits the homes of cat ownersÑusually couplesÑin order to resolve conflicts between either the human owners and their cats or between multiple animals.	A reality television program starring Jackson Galaxy, a cat trainer, who visits the homes of cat ownersÑusually couplesÑin order to resolve conflicts between either the human owners and their cats or between multiple animals.	
Oceans	drama, documentary, nature	An ecological drama/documentary, filmed throughout the globe. Part thriller, part meditation on the vanishing wonders of the sub-aquatic world.	-	An ecological drama/documentary, filmed throughout the globe. Part thriller, part meditation on the vanishing wonders of the sub-aquatic world.	
Call of the Wildman	reality, nature	-	Call of the Wildman is an American reality television series that airs on the Animal Planet network. The second season of the series is currently airing. The show follows the exploits of Kentucky woodsman Ernie Brown, Jr., nicknamed "The Turtleman". Aided by his friend, Neal James, and his dog, Lolly, Brown operates a nuisance animal removal business, catching the animals without harming them and releasing them back into the wild.	An American reality television series that follows the exploits of Kentucky woodsman Ernie Brown, Jr., nicknamed "The Turtleman". Aided by his friend, Neal James, and his dog, Lolly, Brown operates a nuisance animal removal business, catching the animals without harming them and releasing them back into the wild.	
The Crimson Wing: Mystery of the Flamingos	documentary, nature	The mysterious lives of flamingos are captured on film with a birds-eye view of the animals living in Africa.	The Crimson Wing: Mystery of the Flamingos (French: Les Ailes pourpresÊ: le mystre des flamants) is a 2008 British-French-American nature documentary from the Walt Disney Motion Pictures Group's nature film label Disneynature	The mysterious lives of flamingos are captured on film with a birds-eye view of the animals living in Africa.	
Wild Pacific	documentary, nature	A documentary series on life in and adapted to the conditions of the Southern part of the Pacific Ocean, a vast aquatic region with an unequaled number of islands. Both wildlife and human cultures developed in a unique variety, largely determined by such natural conditions as huge distances, sea depths, currents and winds.	-	A documentary series on life in and adapted to the conditions of the Southern part of the Pacific Ocean, a vast aquatic region with an unequaled number of islands. Both wildlife and human cultures developed in a unique variety, largely determined by such natural conditions as huge distances, sea depths, currents and winds.	
Frozen Planet	documentary, nature	Focuses on life and the environment in both the Arctic and Antarctic.	The seven-part series focuses on life and the environment in both the Arctic and Antarctic. The production team were keen to film a comprehensive record of the natural history of the polar regions, because climate change is affecting landforms such as glaciers, ice shelves, and the extent of sea ice. The film was met with critical acclaim and holds a Metacritic score of 90/100.[5] Despite such, it has been criticized for limited coverage of the effects of global warming and attribution of recent climate change.	Focuses on life and the environment in both the Arctic and Antarctic.	
Infested!	documentary, nature	The true stories of people whose homes were infested by animals ranging from ants and spiders to raccoons and snakes are told through reenactments, with the victims themselves participating.	-	The true stories of people whose homes were infested by animals ranging from ants and spiders to raccoons and snakes are told through reenactments, with the victims themselves participating.	
Pit Bulls and Parolees	reality, nature,pets	On 17 acres Villalobos Rescue Center is the largest pit bull rescue in the USA. This show show the interaction of the dog and man; About pets and people that no one wants.	Pit Bulls & Parolees is a reality show televised on the American Animal Planet cable channel. It premiered on October 30, 2009, attracting over 16 million unique viewers since its debut. The show features the Villalobos Rescue Center, the United States' largest pit bull animal shelter, with approximately 150 to 200 dogs.	On 17 acres Villalobos Rescue Center is the largest pit bull rescue in the USA. This show show the interaction of the dog and man; About pets and people that no one wants.	
Geraldo at Large	commentary	-	Geraldo at Large is a United States television newsmagazine, hosted by Fox News correspondent-at-large and former talk show host Geraldo Rivera	Geraldo at Large is a United States television newsmagazine, hosted by Fox News correspondent-at-large and former talk show host Geraldo Rivera.	
Justice With Judge Jeanine	commentary,justice,criminal	-	Justice with Judge Jeanine is a Fox News Channel show hosted by Jeanine Pirro. The show airs on Saturdays at 9pm. The show presents Judge Pirro's legal insights on the news of the week leading of the show, high profile cases, and other recent news, trends, and issues within the scope of crime and justice. The show premiered in January 2011.	JThe show presents Judge Pirro's legal insights on the news of the week leading of the show, high profile cases, and other recent news, trends, and issues within the scope o.ed in January 2011.	
Huckabee	commentary	-	Huckabee is a TV political commentary program on Fox News hosted by former Republican Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee.	Huckabee is a TV political commentary program on Fox News hosted by former Republican Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee.	
Hannity	commentary	Talk show covering politics and daily news on weeknights.	Hannity is a television show on the Fox News network, a replacement to the long-running show Hannity & Colmes. It is hosted by conservative political pundit Sean Hannity.	Talk show covering politics and daily news on weeknights.	
On the Record With Greta Van Susteren	commentary	-	On the Record is an American current affairs television program on the Fox News Channel.	On the Record is an American current affairs television program on the Fox News Channel.	
The O'Reilly Factor	commentary	Fox News Channel news and talk show.	The O'Reilly Factor, originally titled The O'Reilly Report from 1996 to 1998[1] and often called The Factor, is an American talk show on the Fox News Channel hosted by commentator Bill O'Reilly, who often discusses current controversial political issues with guests.	Fox News Channel news and talk show.	
FOX News Watch	commentary, news	Fox News Channel commentary show.	The show features a panel composed of two conservatives and two liberals, moderated by Scott. Similar in premise to CNN's Reliable Sources, the panel on Fox News Watch discusses how the media portrayed certain news stories from the previous week. Panelists also discuss the overall condition of the American news media, such as the newspapers, cable news networks, broadcast networks, and other popular news outlets.	Fox News Channel commentary show.	
Rehab With Dr. Drew	health, reality,therapy,drugs	Eight celebrities check into rehab under Dr. Drew for 21 days.	Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew, later called simply Rehab with Dr. Drew is a reality television show airing on the cable network VH1 that chronicles a group of people as they are treated for alcohol and drug addiction by Dr. Drew Pinsky and his staff at the Pasadena Recovery Center in Pasadena, California.	Eight celebrities check into rehab under Dr. Drew for 21 days.	
Behind the Music	documentary, music,celebrities	Musical artists, their careers, their highs, their lows and everything in between are profiled and interviewed.	Behind the Music is a television series on VH1. It originally ran from 1997 to 2006, before it was stopped and only aired new episodes sporadically. The series places its generality on documentation of musical artists or groups who are interviewed and profiled, and discuss how their careers became successful and what hardships they undertook.	Musical artists, their careers, their highs, their lows and everything in between are profiled and interviewed.	
Cake Boss	reality,cooking,goofy	The staff of Carlo's Bakery in Hoboken, New Jersey, led by Buddy Valastro, shows how it prepares elaborate themed cakes for various occasions. Each episode typically features the preparation of two cakes for events including receptions, charity events and theme parties as well as weddings and birthdays.		The staff of Carlo's Bakery in Hoboken, New Jersey, led by Buddy Valastro, shows how it prepares elaborate themed cakes for various occasions. Each episode typically features the preparation of two cakes for events including receptions, charity events and theme parties as well as weddings and birthdays.	
Pit Boss	pets,nature	It's not about pit bulls. It's about a foulmouthed ex-con with a big heart.	Pit Boss is an American television series docudrama that follows Shorty Rossi, owner of Shorty's Rescue, an organization set up for Pit Bull rescue	It's not about pit bulls. It's about a foulmouthed ex-con with a big heart.	
Monday Night Football	sports,football	Coverage of professional football featuring teams from the National Football League airing on Monday nights during the NFL's regular season.	-	Coverage of professional football featuring teams from the National Football League airing on Monday nights during the NFL's regular season.	
Parenthood	drama,comedy,family	A family tree with Zeek (Craig T. Nelson) and Camille Braverman (Bonnie Bedelia) serving as the patriarch and matriarch. After forty-six years of marriage, they've managed to keep their foundation intact by burying their problems underneath the surface for the sake of their now-adult children. Adam (Peter Krause) is the first-born and the ripest apple the tree has to offer. He runs a shoe company, has a supportive wife, two children (boy and girl) and a beautiful home to share with them. He's a dog short of "The American Dream". Sarah (Lauren Graham), is the unstable daughter returning home at thirty-eight years of age with her rebellious daughter and sensitive son to live with Zeek and Camille. Crosby (Dax Shepard), is a happy-go-lucky bachelor living in the now, on a docked boat. He has no idea that his frivolous life is about to change tremendously. Then there is Julia (Erika Christensen). She is the bread-winning shot-calling lawyer, whose husband mans the stay-at-home-dad duties. Each family will face their own challenges, but how they propose to deal with them is what will keep them together or tear them apart.	The show revolves around the Braverman family, which has expanded to three generations, featuring patriarch Zeek Braverman and matriarch Camille Braverman, their oldest son Adam, his wife and three children, their daughter Sarah and her two children, their second son Crosby, his new wife Jasmine and their young son Jabbar, and finally their daughter Julia, her husband, their young daughter Sydney, and their newly adopted young boy, Victor.	The show revolves around the Braverman family, which has expanded to three generations, featuring patriarch Zeek Braverman and matriarch Camille Braverman, their oldest son Adam, his wife and three children, their daughter Sarah and her two children, their second son Crosby, his new wife Jasmine and their young son Jabbar, and finally their daughter Julia, her husband, their young daughter Sydney, and their newly adopted young boy, Victor.	
Project Runway	divas,competition,reality,fashion	Heidi Klum hosts a reality series where aspiring fashion designers compete for a chance to break into the industry. Each week, a designer is eliminated from the competition after exhibiting their work in front of a judges' panel.		Heidi Klum hosts a reality series where aspiring fashion designers compete for a chance to break into the industry. Each week, a designer is eliminated from the competition after exhibiting their work in front of a judges' panel.	
House	drama,medical,comedy,goofy,satire,mystery	An antisocial maverick doctor who specializes in diagnostic medicine does whatever it takes to solve puzzling cases that come his way using his crack team of doctors and his wits.		An antisocial maverick doctor who specializes in diagnostic medicine does whatever it takes to solve puzzling cases that come his way using his crack team of doctors and his wits.	
TMZ	news,gossip,celebrities	-	The series delivers most of its stories in a humorous manner, mainly about certain celebrities, and features tongue-in-cheek jokes and double entendres, though more serious entertainment stories (e.g., breaking entertainment story, celebrity death) often warrant a serious tone. Pieces often feature archived clips from TV series and movies often for comedic effect, though they may sometimes be used to reference a project that an entertainer is known for performing in. Many pieces are shown in the "man on the street"-type question and answer format synonymous with paparazzi, though some celebrities do not answer certain questions asked to them by the videographer; a common recurring reference within the program is how certain TMZ videographers sometimes ask extremely trivial or bad questions to their subject.	All the latest gossip on celebrities!	
666 Park Avenue	drama,paranormal,surreal,ghosts,suspense	At 666 Park Avenue, all of your dreams and burning desires can come true: wealth, sex, love, power, even revenge. But just be careful what you wish for, because the price you pay... could be your soul. Welcome to The Drake, the premiere apartment building on Manhattan's Upper East Side. Owned by the mysterious Gavin Doran (Terry O'Quinn - Lost) and his sexy wife Olivia (Vanessa Williams - Desperate Housewives), The Drake is home to dozens of residents who are unaware they're living in the dark embrace of supernatural forces. They think their dreams are all coming true, only to find they've been lured into making, what feels like, a deal with the Devil. When a young Mid-western couple - Jane Van Veen (Rachael Taylor - Charlie's Angels, Grey's Anatomy) and Henry Martin (Dave Annable - Brothers & Sisters) - is hired to manage The Drake, they soon discover that evil, obsession, and manipulation has a home. Allow yourself to be seduced by 666 PARK AVENUE, and unravel the mysteries of this devilish new drama	666 Park Avenue is an American drama series starring Rachael Taylor, Dave Annable, Vanessa Williams and Terry O'Quinn. The series was created and produced by David Wilcox, and was based upon the novel of the same name by Gabriella Pierce. The series follows a couple who learns that the Manhattan apartment building that they just moved into, including its upscale tenants, might be possessed by a mysterious demonic force	666 Park Avenue is an American drama series starring Rachael Taylor, Dave Annable, Vanessa Williams and Terry O'Quinn. The series was created and produced by David Wilcox, and was based upon the novel of the same name by Gabriella Pierce. The series follows a couple who learns that the Manhattan apartment building that they just moved into, including its upscale tenants, might be possessed by a mysterious demonic force.	
Criminal Minds	police,drama,mystery,crime,criminal,violence	An elite group of profilers analyze the nation's most dangerous criminal minds in an effort to anticipate their next moves before they strike again	Criminal Minds is an American police procedural television program that premiered September 22, 2005, on CBS. The series follows a team of profilers from the FBI's Behavioral Analysis Unit (BAU) based in Quantico, Virginia. The BAU is part of the FBI National Center for the Analysis of Violent Crime.[1] The show differs from many procedural dramas by focusing on the criminal rather than the crime itself	An elite group of profilers analyze the nation's most dangerous criminal minds in an effort to anticipate their next moves before they strike again.	
Jessie	teen,family,sitcom	A Texan teen moves to New York City to follow her dreams and ends up as a nanny for a high profile couple's four children	Jessie is an American television sitcom which premiered on September 30, 2011 on the Disney Channel.  The series was created and executive produced by Pamela Eells O'Connell and stars Debby Ryan as Jessie, a small town Texas girl who moves to New York City and becomes a nanny to a high profile couple's four children played by Peyton List, Cameron Boyce, Karan Brar and Skai Jackson	A Disney Channel show of a Texan teen who moves to New York City to follow her dreams and ends up as a nanny for a high profile couple's four children.	
Nashville	music,teen	A fading Nashville superstar is forced to team up with a teen sensation or face the loss of her tour and promotion of her latest records		A fading Nashville superstar is forced to team up with a teen sensation or face the loss of her tour and promotion of her latest records.	
Pretty Little Liars	mystery,drama,suspense,spy	Four friends band together against an anonymous foe who threatens to reveal their darkest secrets, whilst unraveling the mystery of the murder of their best friend	Set in the fictitional town of Rosewood, Pennsylvania, the series follows the lives of Spencer Hastings (Troian Bellisario), Hanna Marin (Ashley Benson), Aria Montgomery (Lucy Hale) and Emily Fields (Shay Mitchell), four girls whose clique falls apart after the disappearance of their queen bee, Alison DiLaurentis (Sasha Pieterse). One year later, they begin receiving messages from a mysterious figure using the name "A" who threatens to expose their secrets. At first they think it's Alison herself, but after she is found dead, the girls realize that someone else knows their secretsÑincluding long-hidden ones they thought only Alison knew	Set in the fictitional town of Rosewood, Pennsylvania, the series follows the lives of Spencer Hastings (Troian Bellisario), Hanna Marin (Ashley Benson), Aria Montgomery (Lucy Hale) and Emily Fields (Shay Mitchell), four girls whose clique falls apart after the disappearance of their queen bee, Alison DiLaurentis (Sasha Pieterse). One year later, they begin receiving messages from a mysterious figure using the name "A" who threatens to expose their secrets. At first they think it's Alison herself, but after she is found dead, the girls realize that someone else knows their secretsÑincluding long-hidden ones they thought only Alison knew.	
Dexter	drama,violence,criminal,police,crime,horror	A likeable Miami police forensics expert moonlights as a serial killer of criminals who he believes have escaped justice	Dexter is an American television drama series that debuted on Showtime on October 1, 2006. The series centers on Dexter Morgan (Michael C. Hall), a blood spatter pattern analyst for the fictional Miami Metro Police Department (based on the real life Miami-Dade Police Department) who moonlights as a serial killer. Set in Miami, the show's first season was largely based on the novel Darkly Dreaming Dexter by Jeff Lindsay, the first of his Dexter series novels	A likeable Miami police forensics expert moonlights as a serial killer of criminals who he believes have escaped justice	
True Blood	drama,violence,paranormal,vampires,magical,debauchery,mythic	In a world where vampires have "come out of the coffin", Sookie Stackhouse, a telepathic waitress, discovers a new world of different creatures when she meets Bill Compton, a vampire	The fictional universe depicted in the series is premised on the notion that vampires (and other supernatural creatures) are living among us, unbenownst to the majority of humans until two years ago, when the creation of synthetic blood (aka 'Tru Blood') by Japanese scientists allowed vampires to come out of the coffin (a term coined as a play on "coming out of the closet") and reveal their existence to the world on the basis that they no longer need to feed on humans to survive.E-1 This so-called 'Great Revelation' has split the vampires of the world into two camps: those who wish to integrate into human society (aka 'mainstream') by campaigning for citizenship and equal rights,E-1 and those who think that human-vampire co-existence is impossible because it is in conflict with the inherently violent nature of vampires. Throughout the series, other supernatural creatures are also introduced, among them shapeshifters, werewolves, fairies, witches and a maenad	The fictional universe depicted in the series is premised on the notion that vampires (and other supernatural creatures) are living among us, unbenownst to the majority of humans until two years ago, when the creation of synthetic blood (aka 'Tru Blood') by Japanese scientists allowed vampires to come out of the coffin (a term coined as a play on "coming out of the closet") and reveal their existence to the world on the basis that they no longer need to feed on humans to survive.E-1 This so-called 'Great Revelation' has split the vampires of the world into two camps: those who wish to integrate into human society (aka 'mainstream') by campaigning for citizenship and equal rights,E-1 and those who think that human-vampire co-existence is impossible because it is in conflict with the inherently violent nature of vampires. Throughout the series, other supernatural creatures are also introduced, among them shapeshifters, werewolves, fairies, witches and a maenad.	
Happy Endings	sitcom,comedy,goofy	This Chicago-set sitcom follows the intertwined lives of six young urbanites trying to learn the ropes of adulthood. Through breakups and whatever other curve-balls life throws them, the pals stick together	Happy Endings follows the lives of six close-knit friends living in Chicago: married yuppies, businessman Brad (Damon Wayans Jr.) and type-A control freak Jane (Eliza Coupe); ditzy Alex (Elisha Cuthbert), a happy-go-lucky boutique owner and Jane's younger sister; wannabe culinary pioneer Dave (Zachary Knighton), a food truck owner who used to be engaged to Alex; slacker manchild Max (Adam Pally), who deals with trying to hold a job and maintaining a consistent relationship; and serial dating singleton Penny (Casey Wilson), who fears she's forever doomed for spinsterhood.	This Chicago-set sitcom follows the intertwined lives of six young urbanites trying to learn the ropes of adulthood. Through breakups and whatever other curve-balls life throws them, the pals stick together.	
Sons of Anarchy	auto,family,drama,motorcycles,criminal	A man in his early 30s struggles to find a balance in his life between being a new dad and his involvement in a motorcycle club.	Sons of Anarchy is an American television drama series created by Kurt Sutter about the lives of a close-knit outlaw motorcycle club operating in Charming, a fictional town in California's Central Valley. The show centers on protagonist Jackson "Jax" Teller (Charlie Hunnam), the then-Vice President of the club who begins questioning the club and himself	A man in his early 30s struggles to find a balance in his life between being a new dad and his involvement in a motorcycle club.	
Suburgatory	surreal,family,bizarre	A teenage girl moves from the city to the suburbs	The series follows George Altman, a single father who decides to get away from New York City to the suburbs so he can give his teenage daughter, Tessa, a better life. However, their move to the suburbs has the daughter wondering if they just entered the world of The Stepford Wives after they see how "perfect" their new locale is, right down to the neighbors who welcome them into the cul-de-sac.	The series follows George Altman, a single father who decides to get away from New York City to the suburbs so he can give his teenage daughter, Tessa, a better life. However, their move to the suburbs has the daughter wondering if they just entered the world of The Stepford Wives after they see how "perfect" their new locale is, right down to the neighbors who welcome them into the cul-de-sac.	
Beauty and the Beast	police,mythic,drama,mystery,magical,monster		Detective Catherine Chandler is a smart, no-nonsense homicide detective. When she was a teenager, she witnessed the murder of her mother at the hands of two gunmen and herself was saved by someone Ð or something. Years have passed and while investigating a murder, Catherine discovers a clue that leads her to Vincent Keller, who was reportedly killed in 2002. Catherine learns that Vincent is actually still alive and that it was he who saved her many years before. For mysterious reasons that have forced him to live outside of traditional society, Vincent has been in hiding for the past 10 years to guard his secret Ð when he is enraged, he becomes a terrifying beast, unable to control his super-strength and heightened senses	Detective Catherine Chandler is a smart, no-nonsense homicide detective. When she was a teenager, she witnessed the murder of her mother at the hands of two gunmen and herself was saved by someone Ð or something. Years have passed and while investigating a murder, Catherine discovers a clue that leads her to Vincent Keller, who was reportedly killed in 2002. Catherine learns that Vincent is actually still alive and that it was he who saved her many years before. For mysterious reasons that have forced him to live outside of traditional society, Vincent has been in hiding for the past 10 years to guard his secret Ð when he is enraged, he becomes a terrifying beast, unable to control his super-strength and heightened senses.	
Supernatural	paranormal,criminal,heroic,villains,goofy,comedy,ghosts,vampires,drama,action	This television drama is about two brothers, Sam and Dean, who were raised by their father, John, to hunt and kill all things that go "bump in the night" after his wife, Mary, was murdered by something supernaturally evil when the boys were young. 22 years later the brothers set out on a journey, fighting evil along the way, to find their recently missing father who, when they finally meet up with, reveals he knows what killed their mother, a demon, and has found a way to track and kill it. Meanwhile, Sam starts to develop frightening abilities that include death visions, visions of people dying before it actually happens. These visions are somehow connected to the demon who murdered his mother and it's mysterious plans that seem to be all about Sam. When their father dies striking a deal with the very same devil that had killed his wife, the brothers, now alone and without their mentor	The series focuses primarily on the brothers Sam and Dean Winchester, played by Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles, as they travel throughout the country hunting down evil supernatural creatures, mostly demons	This television drama is about two brothers, Sam and Dean, who were raised by their father, John, to hunt and kill all things that go "bump in the night" after his wife, Mary, was murdered by something supernaturally evil when the boys were young. 22 years later the brothers set out on a journey, fighting evil along the way, to find their recently missing father who, when they finally meet up with, reveals he knows what killed their mother, a demon, and has found a way to track and kill it. Meanwhile, Sam starts to develop frightening abilities that include death visions, visions of people dying before it actually happens. These visions are somehow connected to the demon who murdered his mother and it's mysterious plans that seem to be all about Sam. When their father dies striking a deal with the very same devil that had killed his wife, the brothers, now alone and without their mentor.	
The Walking Dead	paranormal,postapocalyptic,horror,surreal,suspense,drama,action,monster	Police officer Rick Grimes leads a group of survivors in a world overrun by zombies	Based on the comic book series of the same name, The Walking Dead tells the story of a small group of survivors living in the aftermath of a zombie apocalypse. Most of the story takes place in the Atlanta metropolitan area, and then the surrounding countryside of Northern Georgia, as the survivors search for a safe haven away from the shuffling hordes of predatory "walkers" (as the zombies are referred to in the show) who devour any living thing they catch, and whose bite is infectious to humans. The plot is focused primarily on the dilemmas the group faces as they struggle to balance their humanity with their survival against the zombie horde, and later, how they cope with members being killed and deal with other human survivors they encounter, many of whom are dangerous and predatory themselves	Police officer Rick Grimes leads a group of survivors in a world overrun by zombies.	
The Vampire Diaries	vampires,drama,paranormal	The vampire brothers Damon and Stefan Salvatore, eternal adolescents, having been leading 'normal' lives, hiding their bloodthirsty condition, for centuries, moving on before their non-aging is noticed. They are back in the Virginia town where they became vampires. Stefan is noble, denying himself blood to avoid killing, and tries to control his evil brother Damon. Stefan falls in love with schoolgirl Elena, whose best friend is a witch, like her grandma	The series is set in the fictional town of Mystic Falls, Virginia, a town charged with supernatural history since its settlement of migrants from New England in the late 17th century. Other story lines revolve around the other inhabitants of the town, most notably Elena's younger brother Jeremy Gilbert (Steven R. McQueen), her best friends Bonnie Bennett (Katerina Graham) and Caroline Forbes (Candice Accola) and their mutual friends Tyler Lockwood (Michael Trevino) and Matt Donovan (Zach Roerig). The town's politics are orchestrated by descendants of the original founding families, all comprising a "Founders' Council". Some of the founding families of Mystic Falls include the Salvatores, the Gilberts, the Fells, the Forbes and the Lockwoods. They guard the town mainly from vampires, although there are other supernatural threats such as werewolves, witches and ghosts and hybrids	The vampire brothers Damon and Stefan Salvatore, eternal adolescents, having been leading 'normal' lives, hiding their bloodthirsty condition, for centuries, moving on before their non-aging is noticed. They are back in the Virginia town where they became vampires. Stefan is noble, denying himself blood to avoid killing, and tries to control his evil brother Damon. Stefan falls in love with schoolgirl Elena, whose best friend is a witch, like her grandma.	
Fringe	police,drama,mystery,futuristic,surreal,sci-fi	The FBI teams up with a formerly-institutionalized scientist - who was performing experiments on the fringe of real science - and his son to investigate weird crimes that are seemingly part of a larger pattern, and may be connected with a global company called Massive Dynamics	Fringe follows the casework of the Fringe Division, a Joint Federal Task Force supported primarily by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which includes Agent Olivia Dunham; Dr. Walter Bishop, the archetypal mad scientist; and Peter Bishop, Walter's estranged son and jack-of-all-trades. They are supported by Phillip Broyles, the force's director, and Agent Astrid Farnsworth, who assists Walter in laboratory research. The Fringe Division investigates cases relating to fringe science, ranging from transhumanist experiments gone wrong to the prospect of a destructive technological singularity to a possible collision of two parallel universes. The Fringe Division's work often intersects with advanced biotechnology developed by a company called Massive Dynamic, founded by Walter's former partner, Dr. William Bell, and run by their common friend, Nina Sharp. The team is also watched silently by a group of bald, pale men who are called "Observers"	The FBI teams up with a formerly-institutionalized scientist - who was performing experiments on the fringe of real science - and his son to investigate weird crimes that are seemingly part of a larger pattern, and may be connected with a global company called Massive Dynamics.	
Nikita	spy,drama	When she was a deeply troubled teenager, Nikita was rescued from death row by a secret U.S. agency known only as Division, who faked her execution and told her she was being given a second chance to start a new life and serve her country. What they didn't tell her was that she was being trained as a spy and assassin. Throughout her grueling training at Division, Nikita never lost her humanity, even falling in love with a civilian. When her fiancŽ was murdered, Nikita realized she had been betrayed and her dreams shattered by the only people she thought she could trust, so she did what no one else before her had been able to do: she escaped. Now, after three years in hiding, Nikita is seeking retribution and making it clear to her former bosses that she will stop at nothing to expose and destroy their covert operation	The series centers on a secret government-funded organization known as Division. Recruiting young people with troubled backgrounds, Division erases all evidence of their past lives and molds them into efficient spies and assassins. Having broken away from the government, Division now performs operations for their own gain, hurting their country if need be. However, Nikita, a Division agent, has gone rogue after her civilian fiancŽ is killed by Division. She makes it her mission to bring Division down.	The series centers on a secret government-funded organization known as Division. Recruiting young people with troubled backgrounds, Division erases all evidence of their past lives and molds them into efficient spies and assassins.	
Glee	music,drama,comedy	When a High School Spanish teacher, Will Schuester, becomes the director of the school's failing Glee club, New Directions, he hopes to be able to rejuvenate it. The club competes in the choir competition circuit. It's been called "a High School Musical for adults", the series follows the club and its mixture of oddball members as they try and restore it to its former glory. It is a musical comedy in which the eager and ambitious students not only compete to win the Nationals, but also have to deal with the tough and cruel realities of their school, McKinley High. At the same time, Will is trying to rejuvenate his failing love life whilst preventing the school's cheer leading coach Sue Sylvester from sabotaging the choir.	Glee is set at the fictional William McKinley High School in Lima, Ohio.[6] Murphy chose a Midwest setting as he himself grew up in Indiana, and recalled childhood visits to Ohio to the Kings Island theme park.[7] Although set in Lima, the show is filmed at Paramount Studios in Hollywood.[8] Murphy has said that he has never seen a High School Musical film, to which Glee has been compared, and that his interest lay in creating a "postmodern musical," rather than "doing a show where people burst into song," drawing more heavily on the format of Chicago.[9] Murphy intended the show to be a form of escapism	When a High School Spanish teacher, Will Schuester, becomes the director of the school's failing Glee club, New Directions, he hopes to be able to rejuvenate it. The club competes in the choir competition circuit. It's been called "a High School Musical for adults", the series follows the club and its mixture of oddball members as they try and restore it to its former glory. It is a musical comedy in which the eager and ambitious students not only compete to win the Nationals, but also have to deal with the tough and cruel realities of their school, McKinley High. At the same time, Will is trying to rejuvenate his failing love life whilst preventing the school's cheer leading coach Sue Sylvester from sabotaging the choir.	
Boardwalk Empire	drama,historical,criminal,crime	Set in the Prohibition era of the 1920s Boardwalk Empire is the story of Enoch "Nucky" Thompson, the treasurer of Atlantic County, Atlantic City, New Jersey. Due to his relationships with mobsters as well as political contacts, the Federal Government start to take an interest in him. His lavish lifestyle seems at odds with his position, and as well as his connections, there is prolific bootlegging in the area	Boardwalk Empire is a period drama focusing on Enoch "Nucky" Thompson (based on the historical Enoch L. Johnson),[11] a political figure who rose to prominence and controlled Atlantic City, New Jersey, during the Prohibition period of the 1920s and 1930s. Nucky interacts with several historical figures in both his personal and political life, including mobsters, politicians, government agents, and the common folk who look up to him. The federal government also takes an interest in the bootlegging and other illegal activities in the area, sending agents to investigate possible mob connections but also looking at Nucky's lifestyleÑexpensive and lavish for a county political figure	Set in the Prohibition era of the 1920s Boardwalk Empire is the story of Enoch "Nucky" Thompson, the treasurer of Atlantic County, Atlantic City, New Jersey. Due to his relationships with mobsters as well as political contacts, the Federal Government start to take an interest in him. His lavish lifestyle seems at odds with his position, and as well as his connections, there is prolific bootlegging in the area.	
Scandal	politics,drama,thriller	When you get into trouble there's only one person to call, Olivia Pope. Olivia is a professional 'fixer' who makes problems go away before anyone even knows they exist. For the moneyed, the powerful and even the President, Olivia is a legend in her field. Her spectacular success is mostly due to her unbreakable rule of always trust your gut. No matter how careful you are, when you do damage control for a living, you're bound to cause some damage to your own life. She and her crew eat, sleep, live and breathe crisis. Each week, as the team races against the clock to defuse intriguing new problems before they become full-blown disasters, they also have to deal with their own personal issues. They may call themselves 'gladiators in suits', but little by little, Olivia and her crew begin to reveal the chinks in their armor	Scandal is an American political thriller television series starring Kerry Washington. Created by Shonda Rhimes, it debuted on ABC on April 5, 2012.[1] Kerry Washington's character, Olivia Pope, is partially based on former George Bush administration press aide Judy Smith, who serves as a co-executive producer.[2] The show takes place in Washington, D.C. and focuses on Olivia Pope's crisis management firm, Pope & Associates, and its staff, as well as staff at the White House	When you get into trouble there's only one person to call, Olivia Pope. Olivia is a professional 'fixer' who makes problems go away before anyone even knows they exist. For the moneyed, the powerful and even the President, Olivia is a legend in her field. Her spectacular success is mostly due to her unbreakable rule of always trust your gut. No matter how careful you are, when you do damage control for a living, you're bound to cause some damage to your own life. She and her crew eat, sleep, live and breathe crisis. Each week, as the team races against the clock to defuse intriguing new problems before they become full-blown disasters, they also have to deal with their own personal issues. They may call themselves 'gladiators in suits', but little by little, Olivia and her crew begin to reveal the chinks in their armor.	
Blue Bloods	family,police,drama	Revolves around a family of New York cops	The series follows the Irish-American Reagan family of police officers with the New York City Police Department (NYPD). Francis "Frank" Reagan (Tom Selleck) is the Police Commissioner. He was a U.S. Marine and a Vietnam veteran before he joined the NYPD. He is a widower whose son Joe died in the line of duty, leaving him three remaining adult childrenÑDanny, Erin, and Jamie.	The series follows the Irish-American Reagan family of police officers with the New York City Police Department (NYPD). Francis "Frank" Reagan (Tom Selleck) is the Police Commissioner. He was a U.S. Marine and a Vietnam veteran before he joined the NYPD. He is a widower whose son Joe died in the line of duty, leaving him three remaining adult childrenÑDanny, Erin, and Jamie.	
Jersey Shore	reality,debauchery	A reality-based look at the vapid lives of several New Jersey 20-somethings and their respective friends and/or hook-ups	Jersey Shore is an American reality television series that premiered on MTV on December 3, 2009 in the United States. The series follows the lives of eight housemates spending their summer at the Jersey Shore in the U.S. state of New Jersey.  Grab your hair gel, wax that Cadillac and get those tattooed biceps ready to fist pump with the best this summer at the Jersey Shore. MTV's newest docu-soap exposes one of the tri-state area's most misunderstood species, the Guido. Our Guidos and Guidettes will move into the ultimate beach house rental and indulge in everything the Seaside Heights, New Jersey scene has to offer. Beach by day, dancing and partying all night. They'll live, work, and rage together until the summer ends. There's no spray tan too orange, no hair too spiked, and no bod too tight for this crew.	Grab your hair gel, wax that Cadillac and get those tattooed biceps ready to fist pump with the best this summer at the Jersey Shore. MTV's newest docu-soap exposes one of the tri-state area's most misunderstood species, the Guido. Our Guidos and Guidettes will move into the ultimate beach house rental and indulge in everything the Seaside Heights, New Jersey scene has to offer. Beach by day, dancing and partying all night. They'll live, work, and rage together until the summer ends. There's no spray tan too orange, no hair too spiked, and no bod too tight for this crew.	
Arrow	heroic,villains,action,mystery	After a violent shipwreck, billionaire playboy Oliver Queen was missing and presumed dead for five years before being discovered alive on a remote island in the Pacific. When he returns home to Starling City, his devoted mother Moira, much-beloved sister Thea, and best friend Tommy welcome him home, but they sense Oliver has been changed by his ordeal on the island. While Oliver hides the truth about the man he's become, he desperately wants to make amends for the actions he took as the boy he was. Most particularly, he seeks reconciliation with his former girlfriend, Laurel Lance. As Oliver reconnects with those closest to him, he secretly creates the persona of Arrow - a vigilante to right the wrongs of his family, fight the ills of society, and restore Starling City to its former glory. By day, Oliver plays the role of a wealthy, carefree and careless philanderer he used to be - flanked by his devoted chauffeur/bodyguard, John Diggle - while carefully concealing the secret identity he turns to under cover of darkness. However, Laurel's father, Detective Quentin Lance, is determined to arrest the vigilante operating in his city. Meanwhile, Oliver's own mother, Moira, knows much more about the deadly shipwreck than she has let on and is more ruthless than he could ever imagine	The series follows a billionaire playboy Oliver Queen, portrayed by Stephen Amell, who returns home to fight crime and corruption as the vigilante "Arrow" after being stranded on a deserted island for five years. Arrow will also feature appearances by other DC Comics characters. To assist in promotion, a preview comic book was released to tie into the television series	After a violent shipwreck, billionaire playboy Oliver Queen was missing and presumed dead for five years before being discovered alive on a remote island in the Pacific. When he returns home to Starling City Oliver has been changed by his ordeal on the island. While he hides the truth about the man he's become, he desperately wants to make amends for the actions he took as the boy he was. Most particularly, he seeks reconciliation with his former girlfriend, Laurel Lance. As Oliver reconnects with those closest to him, he secretly creates the persona of Arrow - a vigilante Ð to right the wrongs of his family, fight the ills of society, and restore Starling City to its former glory.	
Chicago Fire	police,drama	The story of firefighters in Chicago	Chicago Fire is an  American television drama that is expected to air on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC)  after Law & Order: Special Victims Unit. Produced by Law & Order creator Dick Wolf, the show follows the lives of the firefighters and paramedics working at the Chicago Fire Department at the firehouse of Engine 51, Truck 81, Squad 3, Medic 61, and Battalion 25.	No job is more stressful, dangerous or exhilarating than those of the Firefighters, Rescue Squad and Paramedics of Chicago Firehouse 51. These are the courageous men and women who forge headfirst into danger when everyone else is running the other way. But the enormous responsibilities of the job also take a personal toll.	
Emily Owens, M.D.	drama,medical,romance	A female medical student realizes that working as an intern in a big hospital is very much the same as being in high school	The series follows the life of Emily Owens (Mamie Gummer), who is a first-year intern at Denver Memorial Hospital, where she realizes that her med-school crush Will Collins (Justin Hartley) and her high school nemesis Cassandra Kopelson (Aja Naomi King) also work. Emily is not only the new kid once again, but real life is also just as awkward as high school	At long last, Emily Owens feels like she is an actual grown-up. She can finally put her high school days as the geeky-girl-with-flop-sweats behind her; sheÕs graduated from medical school and is now a first-year intern at Denver Memorial Hospital, where sheÕll have the chance to work with world-famous cardiologist Dr. Gina Beckett Ð and where, not-so-coincidentally, her med-school crush Will Rider is also an intern. So why does everyone keep warning her that the hospital is just like high school? Emily soon finds out the hard way Ð her high school nemesis, the gorgeous, popular Cassandra Kopelson, is also just starting out at Denver Memorial, and it seems like theyÕre rivals all over again Ð not only as surgical interns, but for WillÕs attention.	
Malibu Country	family,drama,music	A woman divorces her cheating husband and moves her family from Nashville to Malibu. There she'll try to reignite her own singing career and keep herself and three kids from being corrupted by the materialistic and rarified Malibu world she now calls home	Malibu Country is an upcoming American sitcom created by Kevin Abbott which is executive produced by and starring Reba McEntire, the series is scheduled to premiere on ABC.  After finding that her husband has been cheating on her, Reba Gallagher and her family move from Nashville, Tennessee to Malibu, California, in an attempt to restart her music career and start a new chapter in their lives.	After finding that her husband has been cheating on her, Reba Gallagher and her family move from Nashville, Tennessee to Malibu, California, in an attempt to restart her music career and start a new chapter in their lives.	
Partners	drama	Two lifelong friends, who are both architects, form a business partnership	Although they couldn't be more different, Louis and Joe are lifelong friends and partners in an architecture firm. Their "bromance" is tested when Joe gets engaged and Louis is in a new relationship	Two life-long best friends and business partners ÒbromanceÓ is tested when one of them is engaged to be married. Joe is an accomplished architect who leads with his head and not his heart, especially in his love life. ThatÕs in stark contrast to his gay co-worker, Louis, who is spontaneous, emotional and prone to exaggeration. Both have found joy in their love lives: Joe is newly engaged to Ali, while Louis is dating Wyatt. As news of JoeÕs engagement settles, time will tell if their business and personal bond can adapt to the addition of two other important relationships.	
Revolution	postapocalyptic,drama,adventure,mystery,sci-fi	Our entire way of life depends on electricity. So what would happen if it just stopped working? Well, one day, like a switch turned off, the world is suddenly thrust back into the dark ages. Planes fall from the sky, hospitals shut down, and communication is impossible. And without any modern technology, who can tell us why? Now, 15 years later, life is back to what it once was long before the industrial revolution: families living in quiet cul-de-sacs, and when the sun goes down lanterns and candles are lit. Life is slower and sweeter. Or is it? On the fringes of small farming communities, danger lurks. And a young woman's life is dramatically changed when a local militia arrives and kills her father, who mysteriously - and unbeknownst to her - had something to do with the blackout. This brutal encounter sets her and two unlikely companions off on a daring coming-of-age journey to find answers about the past in the hopes of reclaiming the future	Revolution takes place in a post-apocalyptic dystopian future. Fifteen years earlier, an unknown phenomenon disabled all technology dependent on electricity on the planet, ranging from computers and electronics to car engines, jet engines, and batteries. People were forced to adapt to a world without functioning technology. Due to the collapse of government and public order, many areas are ruled by warlords and militias. The series focuses on the Matheson family, who possess a special device (resembling a flash drive) that is the key to not only finding out what happened fifteen years ago, but also a possible way to reverse its effects. However, they must elude Sebastian Monroe the General and President of the Monroe Militia who wants to possess that power for himself	A family struggles to reunite in a post-apocalyptic American landscape: a world of empty cities, local militias and heroic freedom fighters, where every single piece of technology -- computers, planes, cars, phones, even lights -- has mysteriously blacked out ... forever.	
Elementary	police,drama,mystery,crime	A modern take on the cases of Sherlock Holmes, with the detective now living in New York City.  Following his fall from grace in London and a stint in rehab, eccentric Sherlock escapes to Manhattan where his wealthy father forces him to live with his worst nightmare Ð a sober companion, Dr. Watson. A successful surgeon until she lost a patient and her license three years ago, Watson views her current job as another opportunity to help people, as well as paying a penance. Holmes resumes his work as a police consultant in New York City and Watson has no choice but to accompany her irascible new charge on his jobs. But Sherlock finds her medical background helpful, and Watson realizes she has a knack for playing investigator. With the mischievous Sherlock Holmes now running free in New Yorksolving crimes, itÕs simple deduction that heÕs going to need someone to keep him grounded, and itÕs elementary that itÕs a job for Watson	In Elementary, Holmes is a former consultant to Scotland Yard, and an addict who travels to New York City to check into a rehabilitation center and stays on in Brooklyn with a newly-found sober companion Joan Watson. Robert Doherty will serve as an executive producer and the series' showrunner, with Sarah Timberman and Carl Beverly also serving as executive producers.  Beverly, who "initially was the one who brought up the possibility of developing a Sherlock show" according to Doherty,[6] spoke about the relationship between Sherlock and Watson in Elementary	Following his fall from grace in London and a stint in rehab, eccentric Sherlock escapes to Manhattan where his wealthy father forces him to live with his worst nightmare Ð a sober companion, Dr. Watson. A successful surgeon until she lost a patient and her license three years ago, Watson views her current job as another opportunity to help people, as well as paying a penance. Holmes resumes his work as a police consultant in New York City and Watson has no choice but to accompany her irascible new charge on his jobs. But Sherlock finds her medical background helpful, and Watson realizes she has a knack for playing investigator. With the mischievous Sherlock Holmes now running free in New Yorksolving crimes, itÕs simple deduction that heÕs going to need someone to keep him grounded, and itÕs elementary that itÕs a job for Watson	
Stars Earn Stripes	reality,military,police		Stars Earn Stripes is a reality television program which premiered on NBC.  Produced by Mark Burnett, the series follows a group of celebrities, accompanied by current and former members of the United States Armed Forces and law enforcement, competing in various challenges for charity based off actual training exercises used by the U.S. military. The series is hosted by retired NATO Supreme Allied Commander and former Presidential candidate Wesley Clark and former Dancing with the Stars co-host Samantha Harris	The TV cop who wants to prove he can handle a gun in real life. The athlete making the transition from field to battlefield. The singer who wants to show how well she can perform under a different kind of pressure. In this fierce, entertaining and emotionally charged new competition honoring America's armed forces, nine celebrities will gather at a secret training facility where they will be challenged to execute complicated missions inspired by real military exercises. From helicopter drops into treacherous locations to long range weapons fire, these stars will be tested physically, mentally and emotionally - and emerge in awe of the men and women who do such tasks on behalf of our country every day. From executive producers Dick Wolf ("Law & Order" franchise), Mark Burnett ("Survivor," "The Voice") and David Hurwitz ("Fear Factor"), this extraordinary show will donate money raised through the competition to veterans' charities. Committed to hiring recent vets onto the crew, "Stars Earn Stripes" hopes to inspire other employers throughout the country to make similar commitments to our returning heroes, not to mention proving how impossible their service missions really are.	
Private Practice	medical,drama	A spin-off of the medical drama "Grey's Anatomy" centering on the life of neonatal surgeon Addison Montgomery	Private Practice is an American medical drama television program which premiered on the  American Broadcasting Company (ABC). A spin-off of Grey's Anatomy, the series takes place at Seaside Wellness (formerly Oceanside Health & Wellness Group) and chronicles the life of Dr. Addison Montgomery, played by Kate Walsh, as she leaves Seattle Grace Hospital in order to join a private practice, in Los Angeles. Private Practice also revolves around the Addisons co-workers at Seaside Wellness, formally Oceanside Wellness, and how they deal with patients, and the practice while still finding time to live their everyday lives.	From the Golden Globe-winning creator of GREY'S ANATOMY comes an ABC drama Private Practice. Seattle fades into grey as renowned surgeon Dr. Addison Montgomery (Kate Walsh) aims to reinvent herself. The promise of a simpler golden state of mind has her working alongside medical school friends at California's Oceanside Wellness Center. But is the new life prescription her cure? Join Addison newly-divorced-but-professionally-bound Naomi and Sam Bennet the kissable Pete Wilder and Violet Turner -- a psychiatrist with her own issues -- as affairs of the heart bring on symptoms of love lust and high drama in a journey worth taking. In April 2012, the show moved to Tuesday night.	
Southland	police,drama		Southland takes a "raw and authentic look" at Los Angeles and the lives of the LAPD officers who police it. The show's first season centers on the experiences and interactions of LAPD patrol officers and detectives, and is more a character-driven drama than a police procedural. Among the characters are rookie Officer Ben Sherman and his training officer, John Cooper; Detective Lydia Adams, who must balance work with responsibility as a mother; Officer Chickie Brown, who aspires to be the first woman on the LAPD's elite SWAT team; and Detective Sammy Bryant, whose home life interferes with his working life.	From Emmy Award winners John Wells, Ann Biderman and Chris Chulack comes a raw and authentic look at a police unit in Los Angeles. From the beaches of Malibu to the streets of East Los Angeles, "Southland" is a fast-moving drama that will take viewers inside the lives of cops, criminals, victims and their families.	
American Horror Story	horror,drama,suspense,mystery,paranormal	A family of three move from Boston to Los Angeles as a means of reconciling their past anguish. They move to a restored mansion, unaware that the home is haunted	American Horror Story is a horror-drama television series.  The first season centered on the Harmon family: Ben, Vivien and their daughter Violet, who move from Boston to Los Angeles after Vivien had a miscarriage and Ben had an affair. They move into a restored mansion, unaware that the home is haunted by its former inhabitants. The second season will feature new characters and a new location, namely an insane asylum. Thus, the series has been called an anthology. The second season is titled American Horror Story: Asylum.	The series centers on the Harmon family: Ben, Vivien and their daughter Violet, who move from Boston to Los Angeles after Vivien has a miscarriage and Ben has an affair. They move into a restored mansion, unaware that the home is haunted by its former inhabitants.	
Chasing Classic Cars	auto,reality	Chasing Classic Cars follows Ferrari expert and master car restorer, Wayne Carini, as he takes viewers on his personal mission to uncover the world's most rare and exotic cars. Filmed entirely in high definition Chasing Classic Cars gives its audience a true insider's look at the elite club of car restorers and collectors as Wayne buys, restores and sells vintage rides, and the owners of the most exclusive and secret garages open up their doors only to Wayne		Chasing Classic Cars follows Ferrari expert and master car restorer, Wayne Carini, as he takes viewers on his personal mission to uncover the world's most rare and exotic cars. Filmed entirely in high definition Chasing Classic Cars gives its audience a true insider's look at the elite club of car restorers and collectors as Wayne buys, restores and sells vintage rides, and the owners of the most exclusive and secret garages open up their doors only to Wayne.	
Good Morning America	news,commentary,journalism	ABC's "Good Morning America" presents the News and Information Source of the day's topics and journalism. The 1st Co-Host Team of David Hartman & Nancy Dussault, 2nd was Sandy Hill, 3rd was Joan Lunden, 4th Charles "Charlie" Gibson, 5th Lisa McKree, 6th Kevin Newman, 7th Diane Sawyer, and now Robin Roberts and George Stephanopoulos. Plus, all the "Good Morning America" team throughout the years to wake up to the news show and entertainment about the U.S.A.	Good Morning America (abbreviated GMA) is an American morning television show on the ABC television network.  The program features news, talk, weather and special-interest stories. It is produced by ABC News and broadcasts from the Times Square Studios in Times Square, New York City. The current primary anchors are Robin Roberts and George Stephanopoulos, along with newsreader Josh Elliott, weather anchor Sam Champion and lifestyle anchor Lara Spencer	The Emmy-winning morning news program featuring anchors George Stephanopoulos, Robin Roberts, Juju Chang and Sam Champion.	
The Today Show	comedy,talkshow,commentary		Today (also referred to as The Today Show) is a daily American morning television show on NBC. The first two hours of the show are anchored by Matt Lauer and Savannah Guthrie. Al Roker gives frequent weather forecasts and Natalie Morales reports from the news desk.	Today (also referred to as The Today Show) is a daily American morning television show on NBC. The first two hours of the show are anchored by Matt Lauer and Savannah Guthrie. Al Roker gives frequent weather forecasts and Natalie Morales reports from the news desk.	
The Early Show	comedy,talkshow,commentary		The Early Show is an American morning television show broadcast by CBS.  Charlie Rose, Gayle King, and Erica Hill were named anchors of the new program.	The Early Show is an American morning television show broadcast by CBS.  Charlie Rose, Gayle King, and Erica Hill were named anchors of the new program.	
Live! with Kelly and Michael	commentary,comedy	This popular and long-running morning talk show owes much of its success to the chemistry between its two hosts, Regis Philbin and Kelly Ripa. Although the format is not significantly different from most other morning shows, viewers are attracted to the pair's conversations about their families and personal lives	Live! with Kelly and Michael is an American syndicated morning talk show, hosted by Kelly Ripa and Michael Strahan	Live! with Kelly and Michael is an American syndicated morning talk show, hosted by Kelly Ripa and Michael Strahan	
The View	commentary	Weekly entertainment/arts review show hosted by writer/broadcaster John Kelly. A panel of various contributors (authors, directors, journalists, artists, actors, musicians, politicians) are invited to discuss a selection of current books, films, performances, exhibitions and events		The View is a daytime television talk show on ABC created by Barbara Walters, Bill Geddie, and Jessica Guff and featuring a panel of women as co-hosts. As of September 4, 2007 the panel includes Whoopi Goldberg, Joy Behar, and Elisabeth Hasselbeck; they are joined by Walters, the show's co-executive producer, an average of three days a week. The show premiered on August 11, 1997. The concept of The View is to showcase women with a range of perspectives, as they speak with each other as well as with their guests.	
The Ellen DeGeneres Show	comedy,talkshow,commentary	A mix of celebrity interviews, musical performers, audience participation games, and segments spotlighting real people with extraordinary stories and talents, hosted by comedienne Ellen DeGeneres	The Ellen DeGeneres Show, often shortened to Ellen, is an American television talk show hosted by comedian/actress Ellen DeGeneres	A mix of celebrity interviews, musical performers, audience participation games, and segments spotlighting real people with extraordinary stories and talents, hosted by comedienne Ellen DeGeneres.	
Dr. Oz	commentary,medical,health,therapy		Mehmet Cengiz Oz, also known as Dr. Oz, is an American/Turkish (dual citizenship) cardiothoracic surgeon, author, and television personality. Oz first appeared on the The Oprah Winfrey Show in 2004 and later on Larry King Live and other TV programs. In 2009, Winfrey's Harpo Productions and Sony Pictures launched The Dr. Oz Show, a daily television program focusing on medical issues and personal health.	Mehmet Cengiz Oz, also known as Dr. Oz, is an American/Turkish (dual citizenship) cardiothoracic surgeon, author, and television personality. Oz first appeared on the The Oprah Winfrey Show in 2004 and later on Larry King Live and other TV programs. In 2009, Winfrey's Harpo Productions and Sony Pictures launched The Dr. Oz Show, a daily television program focusing on medical issues and personal health.	
Dr. Phil	commentary,medical,health,therapy		Dr. Phil is a talk show hosted by Phil McGraw. After McGraw's success with his segments on The Oprah Winfrey Show, Dr. Phil debuted on September 16, 2002. On both shows McGraw offers advice in the form of "life strategies" from his life experience as a clinical psychologist	Dr. Phil is a talk show hosted by Phil McGraw. Dr. Phil offers advice in the form of "life strategies" from his life experience as a clinical psychologist.	
Survivorman	nature,reality	No food, no shelter, no fresh water - one man alone in the wild for seven days with only his wits and stamina to sustain him	Survivorman is a Canadian-produced television program, broadcast in Canada on the Outdoor Life Network (OLN), and internationally on Discovery Channel and Science Channel.  In each episode Stroud places himself in a unique survival situation. The show is meant to demonstrate how one might survive alone in a remote location with minimal supplies until being rescued. Finding food, water, and materials to make fire and shelter pose the main challenges of each episode.  According to its official website, the show includes Stroud dealing with the aftermath of unsuccessful or inappropriate survival techniques and decisions. The reasons for these errors can include time limitations, being unfamiliar with a technique, or misjudging weather conditions, all frequently encountered by people in survival situations. While acknowledging the errors and the negative effect on his emotional state that they can create, Stroud usually remains calm, which is described as being vital to successful survival	No food, no shelter, no fresh water - one man alone in the wild for seven days with only his wits and stamina to sustain him.	
Man vs. Wild	nature,reality	Bear Grylls travels around the globe to find the most dangerous tourist locations and environments, in order to show us how to survive in them. With his simple survival techniques and his knowledge of the wildlife, he is able to give handy tips	Man vs. Wild, also called Born Survivor: Bear Grylls, Ultimate Survival, Survival Game, or colloquially as simply Bear Grylls in the United Kingdom was a survival television series hosted by Bear Grylls on the Discovery Channel.  The general format of each episode is the premise that Grylls is left stranded in a region. The episode documents his efforts to survive and find a way back to civilization, usually requiring an overnight shelter of some kind. Mostly there are wild terrains Ð jungles, forests or similar non-urban areas.	Bear Grylls is a seasoned adventurer who served with the Special Air Service, a special forces unit of the British army, where he was trained as a survival expert. His experiences include climbing Mount Everest, crossing the freezing North Atlantic Ocean in a small, open boat and climbing a Himalayan peak described by Sir Edmund Hillary as 'unclimbable'. He has been places and done things that would defeat most normal people. But now, he is up against something completely different. In each episode of Man vs. Wild Bear strands himself in popular wilderness destinations where tourists often find themselves lost or in danger. As he finds his way back to civilization, he demonstrates local survival techniques, including escaping quicksand in the Moab Desert, navigating dangerous jungle rivers in Costa Rica, crossing ravines in the Alps and surviving sharks off Hawaii.	
David Letterman	comedy,talkshow,commentary	The Late Show with David Letterman is an hour-long weeknight comedy and talk-show broadcast by CBS from the Ed Sullivan Theater on Broadway in New York City.	Late Show with David Letterman is a U.S. late-night talk show hosted by David Letterman on CBS. The show is produced by Letterman's production company, Worldwide Pants Incorporated. The show's music director and band-leader of the house band, the CBS Orchestra, is Paul Shaffer. The head writers are brothers Justin Stangel and Eric Stangel. The announcer is Alan Kalter, who replaced Bill Wendell in 1995. Of the major U.S. late-night programs, Late Show ranks second in cumulative average viewers over time	David Letterman interviews guests and hosts musical performances.	
The Tonight Show with Jay Leno	comedy,talkshow,commentary	After Johnny Carson's retirement from the show, Jay Leno stepped in as his permanent replacement. The format of the show has remained largely unchanged, consisting primarily of an opening humorous monologue, followed by several celebrity interviews, comedy sketches and musical numbers	The Tonight Show with Jay Leno is an American late-night talk show hosted by Jay Leno. The program originates from NBC Studios in Burbank, California, and is broadcast Monday through Friday at 11:35 PM. Unlike Carson or his predecessor Jack Paar, Leno only once utilized a guest host, preferring to host the series by himself	The Tonight Show with Jay Leno is an American late-night talk show currently hosted by Jay Leno, on NBC. It made its debut on May 25, 1992, following Johnny Carson's retirement as host of The Tonight Show. The nightly broadcast at 23:35 (Eastern) originates from NBC's studios, in Burbank, California.	
Late Night with Conan O'Brien	comedy,talkshow,commentary	Conan O'Brien, a Harvard Lampoon alumnus, hosts this late-night comedy/talk-show which is often silly and whimsical	Late Night with Conan O'Brien is an American late-night talk show hosted by Conan O'Brien that aired 2,725 episodes on NBC between 1993 and 2009. The show featured varied comedic material, celebrity interviews, and musical and comedy performances	Keep Cool My Babies! Smart-alecky, ribald and whimsical, "Late Night with Conan O'Brien" rose to become a critical darling and dorm favorite after a rocky start in 1993. There are many recurring characters (including Triumph the Insult Comic Dog, Vomiting Kermit, Eyeballs O'Shaughnessy, NASCAR-driving gun-toting Jesus, Masturbating Bear) and comedy bits (including New State Quarters, What in the World, Celebrity Survey, Acutal Items, Conan Hates My Homeland) that entertain us night after night.	
The Ricki Lake Show	commentary,talkshow	A talk show hosted by Ricki Lake, focusing on various topics and issues.	The Ricki Lake Show is an American first-run syndicated talk show that is hosted by Ricki Lake. The series also marked her return to talk television after leaving the genre in 2004. After several years of considering coming back to daytime with a new talk show, Lake signed on as both host and producer with 20th Television	A talk show hosted by Ricki Lake, focusing on various topics and issues.	
The Jeff Probst Show	commentary,talkshow	Talk show hosted by Jeff Probst that will cover topics ranging from newsmakers of the day to families and individuals facing challenges	The Jeff Probst Show is an American syndicated talk show hosted by Survivor host Jeff Probst, who also serves as its co-producer. This is his first television talk foray, which is co-produced by Big Ticket Television, and distributed by CBS	Talk show hosted by Jeff Probst that will cover topics ranging from newsmakers of the day to families and individuals facing challenges.	
