til debt do us part	realiti,financ,marriag	monei can't bui you love. but keep love aliv without monei can be pretti tough. in fact, nineti percent of marriag breakup ar due to monei problem. and to get advic on how to manag monei usual cost monei! til debt do us part, is a seri that offer tough-love solut to those will to face their financi troubl head on. in each episod we meet a coupl in crisi. some ar on the verg of bankruptci, hound by creditor or face evict. other ar just get by, but in the midst of a person meltdown or relationship breakdown becaus of monei issu. with the sensit of a therapist and the tough of a cfo, our host, renown financi author and columnist, gail vaz-oxlad reveal what she's found in a coupl's financ - and then she'll dig a littl deeper. she ask some tough question and then thei'll be forc to face realiti. where will it end if thei continu on thi rocki road? to get thing back on track, gail take control of their financ for on month. she devis a strict budget and enforc some dramat chang. a two-car famili mai becom a on-car; or no-car famili. the new hair salon mai becom the corner barbershop and goodby fanci latt - hello thermo. all credit card and debit card ar taken awai and their onli discretionari cash is a weekli allow. gail make regular hous call to deliv the week's allow and assign a new challeng for the coupl to make them confront bad monei habit and to help get their relationship back on track. at the end of the month, we find out how well thei've done - how much did thei save, what did thei learn about monei, themselv and each other? what is the new forecast for their financ and relationship? gail can reward them with cash base on how well thei did on their challeng. in addit, she alwai surpris them with a small but thought gift, certain to gener hug and the occasion tear. til debt do us part is a dramat and fun seri that show how bad it can get and how to get out from under	til debt do us part is a canadian televis seri produc by frantic film for slice in canada, zone realiti in the unit kingdom and americanlif tv network and cnbc in the usa.[1] it is host by gail vaz-oxlad, who each week visit a coupl who ar in debt and have relationship troubl.[2] the particip ar given weekli challeng, some of which ar to help bring the financ and debt under control, with the other meant to help the coupl's relationship. at the end of on month, vaz-oxlad give the coupl a chequ for an amount up to $5,000, depend on how well thei did dure the challeng.	a realiti show host by gail vaz-oxlad, who each week visit a coupl who ar in debt and have relationship troubl.  the particip ar given weekli challeng, some of which ar to help bring the financ and debt under control, with the other meant to help the coupl's relationship. at the end of on month, vaz-oxlad give the coupl a chequ for an amount up to $5,000, depend on how well thei did dure the challeng.	
ultim factori	documentari,howto	-	ultim factori also known as megafactori is an american documentari televis seri that premier in 2006 on the nation geograph channel. the program explor the inner work of factori worldwid. each episod profil the machineri and manpow behind each factori's main product, featur close-up, breakdown, interview, and side stori to show the sequenc of event to produc the product in the factori. hoff product wa on of the princip produc of thi highli success seri. it also air in non-us market as megafactori.	explor the inner work of factori worldwid. each episod profil the machineri and manpow behind each factori's main product, featur close-up, breakdown, interview, and side stori to show the sequenc of event to produc the product in the factori.	
the suze orman show	financ,commentari	a weekli live-to-tape tv special of well-known person financ expert suze orman's radio broadcast of "the suze orman show."	susan lynn "suze" orman (born june 5, 1951) is an american financi advisor, author, motiv speaker, and televis host. orman wa born in chicago and receiv her b.a. in social work. she work as a waitress in berkelei, california befor becom a financi advisor for merril lynch. in 1983 she becam the vice-presid of invest at prudenti bach secur and in 1987 found the suze orman financi group.  her program the suze orman show ha air for eleven year and is on of the highest rate show on cnbc. she ha written nine consecut new york time best seller and ha written, co-produc and host seven pb special base on her book. her pb show ar the most success fundrais for pb and have won two emmi award.[3][4] she ha also won the most graci award of ani individu.[5] in 2008 and 2009, orman wa name to the time magazin list of 100 most influenti peopl, the 2010 forb magazin 100 most power women in the world, and 18th on the forb list of the most influenti women in media.	a weekli live-to-tape tv special of well-known person financ expert suze orman's radio broadcast of "the suze orman show."	
american greed	crime,financ,corpor	some peopl will do anyth for monei	american greed is a weekli american televis seri that air on cnbc. the program is produc by kurti product.  the program focus on the stori behind some of the biggest  corpor and  white collar crime in the unit state such as  worldcom,  healthsouth and  tyco. in addit, stori about more common crime such as  insur fraud,  murder,  embezzl,  art theft,  ponzi scheme,  credit card fraud,  bank robberi,  monei launder,  ident theft, and  medic fraud ar also featur. other topic have includ the stori behind the famou  mustang ranch in nevada and the rise and fall of boi band  impresario  lou pearlman. the show also did special program on  berni madoff's life behind bar as well as the histori of  mob monei. on it fourth season, the show cover stori includ high profil case such as  raffaello follieri,  marcu schrenker and  sholam weiss.	a weekli american televis seri that air on cnbc that focus on the stori behind some of the biggest corpor and white collar crime in the unit state such as worldcom, healthsouth and tyco.	
mad monei	financ,commentari	-	mad monei is an american financ televis program host by jim cramer that began air on cnbc on marchÊ14, 2005. it main focu is invest and specul, particularli in publicli trade stock. in a notabl departur from the cnbc program style prior to it arriv, mad monei present itself in an entertain-style format rather than a new broadcast on.  cramer defin "mad monei" as the monei on "can us to invest in stockÊ... not retir monei, which you want in 401k or an ira, a save account, bond, or the most conserv of dividend-pai stock."[1]	an american financ televis program host by jim cramer. it main focu is invest and specul, particularli in publicli trade stock.	
basketbal wive la	realiti,romanc,diva	-	basketbal wive la is a realiti televis seri that premier on august 29, 2011, on vh1.[1] creat by product compani shed media, the seri follow the live of a group of women who have all been somehow romant link to profession basketbal player. the show is film in lo angel, california. it is a spinoff of basketbal wive.  the second season offici start film on mai 23, 2012 and will premier sometim in fall 2012 it wa offici confirm by draya michel on june 12, 2012 to a fan that the show would return to vh1 in septemb 2012 for it second season and it wa also confirm by malaysia pargo in an interview that there a coupl of new wive have been ad to the seri.  on juli 16, 2012, it wa confirm by vh1 that brook bailei would be join the cast for season two.[2] she ha been romant link with basketbal player, rashard lewi.[3] femal rapper, bambi, is also a confirm cast member for season two.	a realiti show that follow the live of a group of women who have all been somehow romant link to profession basketbal player.	film in lo angel, california, the seri follow the live of a group of women who have all been somehow romant link to profession basketbal player.
t.i. and tini: the famili hustl	realiti,crime,music,famili,rap	-	t.i. and tini: the famili hustl is an american realiti televis seri that premier on vh1 on decemb 5, 2011. the show follow hip hop artist t.i. as he is reunit with hi wife, tameka "tini" cottl, and hi children follow a 12 month prison sentenc that wa complet sever month ago.	the show follow hip hop artist t.i. as he is reunit with hi wife, tameka "tini" cottl, and hi children follow a 12 month prison sentenc that wa complet sever month ago.	
unplug	music,artist	major pop music star plai their song with onli acoust instrument.	mtv unplug is a tv seri showcas mani popular music artist usual plai acoust instrument. the show ha receiv the georg foster peabodi award and 3 primetim emmi nomin among mani accolad.	a tv seri showcas mani popular music artist usual plai accoust instrument.	
footloos	drama,music,rebelli	a citi teenag move to a small town where rock music and danc have been ban, and hi rebelli spirit shake up the populac.	footloos is a 1984 american music-drama film direct by herbert ross. it tell the stori of ren mccormack (kevin bacon), an upbeat chicago teen who move to a small town in which, as a result of the effort of a local minist (john lithgow), danc and rock music have been ban.  the film is loos base on event that took place in the small, rural, and religi commun of elmor citi, oklahoma.[1]	a citi teenag move to a small town where rock music and danc have been ban, and hi rebelli spirit shake up the populac.	
coupl therapi	romanc,health,therapi	a man and hi boyfriend see a therapist to delv into the depth of their relationship problem.	-	a man and hi boyfriend see a therapist to delv into the depth of their relationship problem.	
8 mile	music,drama,rap	a young rapper, struggl with everi aspect of hi life, want to make the most of what could be hi final opportun but hi problem around give him doubt.	8 mile is a 2002 american hip-hop drama film written by scott silver, direct by curti hanson, and star eminem, mekhi phifer, brittani murphi, and kim basing. it also co-star rapper king gordi.  the film is an account of a young white rapper name jimmi "b-rabbit" smith jr. (eminem) live in inner citi detroit, michigan set in 1995, and hi attempt to launch a rap career in an industri domin by african american.  the film wa a critic and financi success. eminem won the academi award for best origin song for "lose yourself," the song which wa icon to thi film.	a young rapper, struggl with everi aspect of hi life, want to make the most of what could be hi final opportun but hi problem around give him doubt.	
keep up with the kardashian	realiti,famili,diva	keep up with the kardashian is an american realiti televis seri that premier on octob 14, 2007, on e!. it follow the live of the kardashian/jenner famili, includ sister kourtnei, kim, and khloŽ kardashian.  as of septemb 2012, seven season of the seri have air. on april 24, 2012, e! sign a new three year deal with the kardashian famili that will keep the seri on the air through the ninth season.[2] the seri' success ha led to four spin-off: kourtnei and khloŽ take miami, kourtnei and kim take new york, khloŽ & lamar and kourtnei and kim take miami	a peek insid the privat famili life of twenti-someth socialit kim kardashian, the daughter of the late l.a. power attornei robert kardashian.	a peek insid the privat famili life of twenti-someth socialit kim kardashian, the daughter of the late l.a. power attornei robert kardashian.	
marri to jona	music,realiti,teen	seri chronicl the live of kevin jona, a third of the jona brother, and hi wife daniel.	marri to jona is an american realiti televis seri. the seri premier on e! in august 2012. it primarili focus on kevin jona, a third of the jona brother, marriag life with hi wife daniel deleasa. howev, it will also focu on the 2012 "comeback" of the jona brother.	seri chronicl the live of kevin jona, a third of the jona brother, and hi wife daniel.	
e! new	new,gossip	-	! new, previous known as e! new daili and e! new live, describ both the entertain new divis of the e! network in the unit state, and the brand of it flagship entertain newscast. the program debut on septemb 1, 1991 and mainli report on celebr new and gossip, along with preview of upcom film and televis show, regular segment about all of those three subject, and some new about the industri in gener.	report on celebr new and gossip, along with preview of upcom film and televis show.	
must love dog	romanc,comedi	-	must love dog is a 2005 romant comedi film base on clair cook's eponym 2002 novel. star dian lane and john cusack, it is the third film direct and written by gari david goldberg and wa produc on a budget of $30 million. the film focus on a woman's struggl with divorc and meet new peopl afterward	romant comedi film base on clair cook's eponym 2002 novel. star dian lane and john cusack.	
the soup	comedi,gossip,new	-	the soup is an e! entertain televis weekli seri; it is a revamp version of talk soup that focus on recap of variou pop cultur and televis show moment of the week. the show is host by comedian joel mchale, who provid sarcast and bite commentari on the variou clip	focus on recap of variou pop cultur and televis show moment of the week. the show is host by comedian joel mchale, who provid sarcast and bite commentari on the variou clip.	
adventureland	comedi,satir	in the summer of 1987, a colleg grad take a 'nowher' job at hi local amus park, onli to find it's the perfect cours to get him prepar for the real world.	it is the summer of 1987 and jame brennan (jess eisenberg), a virgin, ha just graduat with a degre in compar literatur from oberlin colleg. he is look forward to tour europ for the summer and go to columbia univers for graduat school in journal, when hi parent (wendi malick and jack gilpin) announc thei won't be abl to help him financi. jame search for a summer job, but can onli find an unapp on at adventureland, a local amus park in hi hometown of pittsburgh, pennsylvania, where hi immatur childhood friend tommi frigo (matt bush) work. jame is hire by assist manag bobbi (bill hader) and is assign to the game area. he meet hi co-worker: the sarcast joel (martin starr), bobbi's wife and park manag paulett (kristen wiig), sue o'mallei (paig howard), mark (mark miller), the allur lisa p. (margarita levieva), and the park's technician mike connel (ryan reynold), a part-time musician. anoth game worker, emili "em" lewin (kristen stewart), save jame from be stab by a disgruntl custom. while her father and stepmoth ar awai, em ha a parti where she and jame get to know each other. after the parti, connel, who ha been have an affair with em, come over to further pursu the affair. later that week, jame goe for a drink with em and she is surpris to learn jame ha never had sex. after leav, jame and em share their first kiss. the follow dai, jame tell connel about hi strong feel for em, which connel report to her. em later tell jame that she want to take thing slow due to problem in her life, leav jame feel confus and upset. sue drunkenli make out with joel, but reject him the next dai, sai that her cathol parent would not allow her to date a jew; outrag, em call her an anti-semit in front of the entir staff. lisa p. ask jame out on a date, but he ha mix feel becaus of hi relationship with em. after connel talk him into go, presum to sabotag jame' relationship with em, he decid to accept her offer to go out. after the date, dure which lisa and jame kiss, jame learn em had call to tell him that she regret have reject hi feel. jame give em some of hi marijuana to bake pot cooki to cheer her up. joel later see jame and em walk togeth and, irrit by the whole chain of event, decid to quit. jame tri to talk him out of quit, but joel ha had enough of it all. he also tell jame he is angri at him for date lisa p. when he is alreadi in love with em. want to be honest, jame tell em about go out with lisa p. after hear of thi, em goe to connel's mother's home to end their affair. prompt by frigo, the park's mental-challeng park offici tell jame he saw em and connel do "push-up without ani pant on" in the back of connel's car. jame goe to connel's mother's hous, which is where lisa p. told him that connel take girl to have sex, and see em leav. shock to see jame, em becom tongu-ti and cannot explain. jame leav angrili, leav a broken-heart, cry em by herself. jame tell lisa p. about the affair and ask her not to tell anyon, but not long after, she tell her friend kelli. upon notic that all the park employe know, em quit and move back to new york. jame chastis lisa p. for dismiss em as a "homewreck" while see connel as blameless. heartbroken, he drunkenli crash hi dad's car into a tree and pass out. the next morn, hi mother angrili wake him up and tell him that he ha to pai us hi summer earn to fix the damag.  becaus he must pai for the car, jame doesn't have enough monei to go to graduat school. despit hi setback, he head for new york citi with hi parent' bless, as thei final decid that it's time to let jame do what is best for him. in new york, jame wait outsid em's apart. she is reluct to talk to him, feel she ha ruin everyth. jame tell her that he see her in a differ wai from the wai she see herself, make it clear that he ha fallen in love with her. touch, em bring jame up to her apart. jame reveal he is not go to columbia thi year, and consid next year. he get out of hi wet cloth and find that em still ha an adventureland shirt. thei kiss and begin to take their cloth off. jame ask, "ar we realli do thi?", and em sai "i think so."	in the summer of 1987, a colleg grad take a 'nowher' job at hi local amus park, onli to find it's the perfect cours to get him prepar for the real world.	
shrek	comedi,romanc,adventur,anim,cgi,magic,villain,satir	an ogr, in order to regain hi swamp, travel along with an annoi donkei in order to bring a princess to a scheme lord, wish himself king.	shrek is a 2001 american comput-anim fantasi comedi film direct by andrew adamson and vicki jenson, featur the voic of mike myer, eddi murphi, cameron diaz, and john lithgow. it is loos base on william steig's 1990 fairi tale pictur book shrek!, and also somewhat serv as a childrenÕs parodi film, target other film adapt from variou childrenÕs fantasi (mainli disnei film). shrek star mike myer as a big, strong, solitud-love, intimid ogr name shrek; cameron diaz as the beauti, feisti, but veri down-to-earth princess fiona; eddi murphi as the talk donkei; and john lithgow as the villain lord farquaad. the film made notabl us of popular music; the soundtrack includ music by smash mouth, eel, joan jett, the proclaim, jason wade, the baha men, and rufu wainwright (cover leonard cohen). shrek wa the onli film in the seri to have harri gregson-william's music score assistantli by john powel.	an ogr, in order to regain hi swamp, travel along with an annoi donkei in order to bring a princess to a scheme lord, wish himself king.	
the ventur bro.	action,adventur,anim,comedi,bizarr	the bizarr anim escapad of pseudo-heroic scientist dr. rusti ventur, hi compet, high strung bodyguard, and hi two over-enthusiast son.	the ventur bro. is an american anim televis seri that premier on cartoon network's adult swim on februari 16, 2003. the seri mix action and comedi togeth while it chronicl the adventur of the ventur famili: well-mean but incompet teenag hank and dean ventur; their emotion insecur, ethic challeng super-scientist father dr. thaddeu "rusti" ventur; the famili's bodyguard, origin the ultra-violent and macho secret agent brock samson and hi later replac, reform super villain and "cure" pedophil sergeant hatr; and the famili's self-proclaim arch-nemesi, the monarch, a butterfli-theme super villain.	the bizarr anim escapad of pseudo-heroic scientist dr. rusti ventur, hi compet, high strung bodyguard, and hi two over-enthusiast son.	
dragon: rider of berk	action,adventur,anim,comedi,children,dragon,cgi,fantasi,magic,villain	the further adventur of hiccup and hi friend on the island of berk.	dragon: rider of berk is an american comput-anim televis seri air on cartoon network base on the 2010 film how to train your dragon. the seri serv as a bridg between the first film and it 2014 sequel.[2] on hour preview consist of two episod air on august 7, 2012,[3] with the offici premier of the seri on septemb 4, 2012.	dragon: rider of berk is an american comput-anim televis seri air on cartoon network base on the 2010 film how to train your dragon.	
the cleveland show	anim,comedi,goofi,satir	the adventur of the "famili gui"'s neighbor and deli owner, cleveland brown.	the cleveland show is an american anim show creat by seth macfarlan, mike henri, and richard appel for the fox broadcast compani as a spin-off from famili gui. the seri center around the brown and tubb, two dysfunct famili consist of parent cleveland brown and donna tubb and their children cleveland brown, jr., roberta tubb, and rallo tubb, and, like famili gui, exhibit much of it humor in the form of cutawai gag that often lampoon american cultur.	the adventur of the "famili gui"'s neighbor and deli owner, cleveland brown.	
king of the hill	anim,comedi,goofi,satir	show about a rigid redneckish propan salesman with a good heart and wacki friend and famili.	king of the hill is an american anim comedi seri creat by mike judg and greg daniel that ran from januari 12, 1997, to mai 6, 2010, on fox network. it center on the hill, a middl-class methodist famili in the fiction small suburban town of arlen, texa. it attempt to retain a naturalist approach, seek humor in the convent and mundan aspect of everydai life while deal with issu comic.	show about a rigid redneckish propan salesman with a good heart and wacki friend and famili.	
adventur time	anim,children,adventur,magic	a human boi and hi brother - a magic dog - set out to becom righteou adventur in the land of ooo.	adventur time is an american anim televis seri creat by pendleton ward for cartoon network. the seri follow the adventur of finn, a 14-year-old[1] human boi, and hi best friend jake, a dog with magic power to chang shape and grow and shrink at will. finn and jake live in the post-apocalypt land of ooo.[2] ward describ finn as a "fieri littl kid with strong moral", while jake is base on tripper harrison, bill murrai's charact in the movi meatbal.	a human boi and hi brother - a magic dog - set out to becom righteou adventur in the land of ooo.	
regular show	anim,adventur,surreal	the daili surreal adventur of a blue jai and raccoon duo that attempt to deal with their mundan job as groundskeep at the local park.	regular show is an emmi award-win american anim televis seri creat by j.g. quintel for cartoon network. the seri revolv around the live of two friend, a blue jai name mordecai and a raccoon name rigbi, both emploi as groundskeep at a park. their usual attempt to slack off often lead to surreal misadventur. the show's taglin, "it's anyth but," allud to thi. the seri is produc by cartoon network studio.	the daili surreal adventur of a blue jai and raccoon duo that attempt to deal with their mundan job as groundskeep at the local park.	
the loonei tune show	anim,comedi,children,goofi,surreal	an updat iter of the classic loonei tune charact focus on their satir misadventur live in suburbia.	the loonei tune show is an american anim televis seri which premier mai 3, 2011 on cartoon network. featur charact from the loonei tune and merri melodi cartoon, it is produc by warner bro. anim.	an updat iter of the classic loonei tune charact focus on their satir misadventur live in suburbia.	
ninjago: master of spinjitzu	anim,adventur,action,children,martial	long befor time had a name, ninjago wa creat by the first spinjitzu master by us the four element weapon of spinjitzu; weapon so power, no on can handl all of their power at onc. when he pass awai, hi two son swore to protect them, but the oldest, lord garmadon, wa consum by dark and want to possess them all. a battl between brother broke out and lord garmadon wa struck down and banish to the underworld. peac return to ninjago as the younger brother, sensei wu, hid the element weapon in the far corner of ninjago. centuri later, lord garmadon ha return with the help of hi skeleton armi to collect the golden weapon. sensei wu turn to the aid of four young ninja who ar to be train to becom the protector of each of the weapon. although the ninja successfulli surviv a harrow quest to retriev the element weapon, thei fall into lord garmadon's master plan, releas the dark lord from hi prison, and allow him to escap through a vortex, with hope that he would on dai return with the abil to possess all four weapon. peac ha return to ninjago, while the four ninja swear to protect and learn to master their golden weapon... await lord garmadon's return	the show is set in the fiction world of ninjago, a place inspir by chines and japanes myth and legend. it appear in the seri as a larg sprawl land most like the island chain of japan, with differ area be home to variou anim and plant, includ dragon and mystic snake (like the great devour). it ha an underworld, where be of evil like lord garmadon and the skeleton armi dwell, togeth with sacr place where mani thing ar hidden or forgotten (like the serpentin tomb or the golden weapon). similar to lego's past product line bionicl, the main charact ar in tune with certain element properti (the element in thi case be fire, ic, lightn and earth.) also, the world seem to have a more modern set than previou 'ninja' seri, as shown by the appear of larg skyscrap citi, variou vehicl, video game and exo-suit.	long befor time had a name, ninjago wa creat by the first spinjitzu master by us the four element weapon of spinjitzu; weapon so power, no on can handl all of their power at onc.	
johnni test	anim,comedi,children,villain	the adventur of averag suburban boi johnni test, who wittingli plai test subject for hi geniu twin sister' variou experi, reluctantli fight evil villain in the process.	the seri revolv around the adventur of the titular charact, johnni test, an 11-year-old suburban boi who live with hi super-geniu 13-year-old scientist twin sister, susan and mari, in the test resid in the fiction town of porkbelli (which is locat in ontario, british columbia, or california in variou episod, as indic by the flag on johnni's school). johnni often wittingli plai test subject for hi geniu twin sister' variou invent and experi, as well as be given gadget and/or superpow, and while at the same time reluctantli tackl and exploit occasion problem and miscellan sticki situat, and as well as fight evil villain and other enemi in the process; and occasion, save the world with their invent.	the adventur of averag suburban boi johnni test, who wittingli plai test subject for hi geniu twin sister' variou experi, reluctantli fight evil villain in the process.	
mad	anim,comedi,goofi,satir	the anim version of the classic humor magazin satir current pop cultur.	mad is an american anim sketch comedi seri creat by kevin shinick and produc by warner bro. anim. base upon the magazin of the same name, each episod is a collect of short anim parodi of televis show, movi, game, celebr and other media us variou type of anim. the seri premier on septemb 6, 2010 on cartoon network.[1] it ha been describ as a "kid-friendli version of robot chicken".	the anim version of the classic humor magazin satir current pop cultur.	
cartoon planet	anim,comedi,satir,goofi,bizarr	follow success as a late night talk show host, space ghost recruit brak (now somewhat brain-damag) to hi cast for hi veri own varieti show. zorak (from coast to coast) serv as the third host.	cartoon planet is an anim varieti show that origin premier in 1995 on tb superst and continu it run from 1996 to 1997 on cartoon network. a spin-off of the anim space ghost coast to coast talk show, the premis wa that space ghost had recruit hi imprison evil arch nemesi zorak and hi loud and extrem dimwit archenemi brak to assist him in host a varieti show.	follow success as a late night talk show host, space ghost recruit brak (now somewhat brain-damag) to hi cast for hi veri own varieti show. zorak (from coast to coast) serv as the third host.	
bomb patrol: afghanistan	documentari,war	thi documentari follow the afghan mission of the u.s navi's ordin dispos mobil unit dure their deploy in 2011, hunt down i and dispos or deton them.	bomb patrol afghanistan is an american documentari televis seri that premier in the unit state on g4 in octob 2011. the seri follow member of a unit state navi eod (explos ordnanc dispos) unit as thei hunt for and dismantl explos in afghanistan	thi documentari follow the afghan mission of the u.s navi's ordin dispos mobil unit dure their deploy in 2011, hunt down i and dispos or deton them.	
out for justic	crime,drug,polic	brooklyn cop gino felino is about to go outsid and plai catch with hi son toni when he receiv a phone call alert him that hi best friend bobbi lupo ha been shot dead in broad daylight on 18th avenu in front of hi wife lauri lupo and hi two kid by drug kingpin richi madano, who ha been gino and bobbi's enemi sinc childhood. as gino is hunt madano down, gino discov the motiv behind bobbi's murder. thi is when gino's hunt for madano lead to the showdown of a lifetim.  drug dealer richi madano shoot bobbi lupo, a policeman in broad daylight and in front of hi famili. bobbi's friend and partner, gino silva upon hear thi, tell hi captain that he can find richi, becaus he and richi grew up togeth but he ha to be left alon. so gino goe to everi singl on of richi's hangout and either miss or wa not there when he wa. he also lean on everyon who know richi. also richi's employ ar upset with him that thei ar also look for him. but it seem appar that richi doesn't care if he live or di, which make him more danger.	out for justic is a 1991 action film direct by john flynn and star steven seagal, in which a veteran polic detect vow to kill the crazi, drug-addict mafioso who murder hi partner. realist dialogu, intens action sequenc, and the web of relationship of a man with connect on both side of law ar portrai.	a veteran polic detect vow to kill the crazi, drug-addict mafioso who murder hi partner.	
campu pd	crime,documentari,polic	ride along with the men and women who keep the peac when colleg life get out of control	campu pd is an american televis show on g4. campu pd is produc by cineflix product. the show is similar in style and tone to the show cop.  unlik cop, campu pd focus specif on colleg and univers campus and town and the author who patrol them. film take place at variou locat across the countri. the first season consist of 10 episod. campu pd is produc by the uk-base product compani cineflix product,[1] the group that produc american picker (which air on the histori channel in the unit state) as well as canadian picker (which air on canada's histori televis).[2] the theme song for the show is the clash song polic on my back. season 2 premier wednesdai, septemb 1 at 8pm et. new episod air wednesdai night at 8pm et/pt on g4.  as of 2012, the episod of the first 2 season ar edit where the main theme song "polic on my back" by the clash in the intro have been replac by product music for unknown reason.	ride along with the men and women who keep the peac when colleg life get out of control.	
cop	crime,documentari,polic,drug	thi action-pack polic show follow real-life law enforc offic from variou region and depart of the unit state arm with noth but with a televis camera to captur their action as thei perform their daili duti "to serv and protect" the public.  "cop" wa among the earliest realiti-base law enforc show, and remain on of the most popular of the genr. each week, a camera crew follow the activ and daili beat of the offic of a differ citi's polic depart. incid rang from routin traffic stop that evolv into charg the subject with drug-relat offens; domest violenc; high-speed chase; and stakeout and raid. the success of "cop" led to other similar program, with vari degre of success.	cop (styliz as cop) is an american documentari/realiti televis seri that follow polic offic, constabl, and sheriff's deputi dure patrol and other polic activ.	an american documentari/realiti televis seri that follow polic offic, constabl, and sheriff's deputi dure patrol and other polic activ.	
lost	mysteri,paranorm,drama,suspens,adventur,surreal	the survivor of a plane crash ar forc to live with each other on a remot island, a danger new world that pose uniqu threat of it own.	lost is an american televis seri that wa origin air on the american broadcast compani (abc) from septemb 22, 2004 to mai 23, 2010, consist of six season. lost is a drama seri contain element of scienc fiction and the supernatur that follow the survivor of the crash of a commerci passeng jet fly between sydnei and lo angel, on a mysteri tropic island somewher in the south pacif ocean. the stori is told in a heavili serial manner	the survivor of a plane crash ar forc to live with each other on a remot island, a danger new world that pose uniqu threat of it own.	
hero	sci-fi,action,drama,adventur,heroic	thei thought thei were like everyon els... until thei woke with incred abil.	hero is an american scienc fiction televis drama seri creat by tim kring that appear on nbc for four season from septemb 25, 2006 through februari 8, 2010. the seri tell the stori of ordinari peopl who discov superhuman abil, and how these abil take effect in the charact' live. the seri emul the aesthet style and storytel of american comic book, us multi-episod stori arc that build upon a larger, more encompass arc.	thei thought thei were like everyon els... until thei woke with incred abil.	
sign	paranorm,drama,action,sci-fi,alien	a famili live on a farm find mysteri crop circl in their field which suggest someth more frighten to come.	sign is a 2002 american scienc fiction thriller film written and direct by m. night shyamalan the stori focus on a former episcop priest name graham hess who discov a seri of crop circl in hi cornfield. hess slowli becom convinc that the phenomena ar a result of extraterrestri life. mel gibson, joaquin phoenix, rori culkin and abigail breslin star in princip role. sign explor faith, kinship and extraterrestri	a famili live on a farm find mysteri crop circl in their field which suggest someth more frighten to come.	
iron man	sci-fi,action,comedi,heroic,villain,cgi,futurist,robot	when wealthi industrialist toni stark is forc to build an armor suit after a life-threaten incid, he ultim decid to us it technolog to fight against evil.	iron man is a fiction charact, a superhero who appear in comic book publish by marvel comic. the charact wa creat by writer-editor stan lee, develop by scripter larri lieber, and design by artist don heck and jack kirbi. he made hi first appear in tale of suspens #39 (march 1963).  a billionair playboi, industrialist and ingeni engin, toni stark suffer a sever chest injuri dure a kidnap in which hi captor attempt to forc him to build a weapon of mass destruct. he instead creat a power suit of armor to save hi life and escap captiv. he later us the suit to protect the world as iron man. through hi corpor _ stark industri _ toni ha creat mani militari weapon, some of which, along with other technolog devic of hi make, have been integr into hi suit, help him fight crime. initi, iron man wa a vehicl for stan lee to explor cold war theme, particularli the role of american technolog and busi in the fight against commun. subsequ re-imagin of iron man have transit from cold war theme to contemporari concern, such as corpor crime and terror.	when wealthi industrialist toni stark is forc to build an armor suit after a life-threaten incid, he ultim decid to us it technolog to fight against evil.	
tango & cash	crime,action,polic,crimin	two cop ar frame and must clear their name.	the film describ the struggl of two rival lapd narcot detect rai tango and gabriel cash, who ar forc to work togeth after crimin mastermind, yve perret, frame them for murder.	two cop ar frame and must clear their name.	
demolit man	crime,action,adventur,heroic,villain,futurist	a cop is brought out of suspend anim in prison to pursu an old ultra-violent enemi who is loos in a nonviol futur societi.	the film tell the stori of two men Ð on, an evil crime lord; the other, a risk-take polic offic Ñ who ar cryogen frozen in the year 1996 and reawaken in 2032. follow a massiv earthquak in 2010 that destroi much of lo angel, it merg with san diego to form a plan citi call san angel in which all crime ha seemingli been elimin from mainstream societi. the film us the taglin: "the futur isn't big enough for the both of them." some aspect of the film allud to aldou huxlei's dystopian novel, brave new world.	a cop is brought out of suspend anim in prison to pursu an old ultra-violent enemi who is loos in a nonviol futur societi.	
the book of eli	action,drama,postapocalypt	a post-apocalypt tale, in which a lone man fight hi wai across america in order to protect a sacr book that hold the secret to save humankind.	the book of eli is a 2010 american post-apocalypt action film direct by the hugh brother, written by gari whitta, and star denzel washington, gari oldman, mila kuni, rai stevenson and jennif beal.  the stori revolv around eli, a nomad in a post-apocalypt world, who is told by a voic to deliv hi copi of a mysteri book to a safe locat on the west coast of the unit state. the histori of the post-war world is explain along the wai as is the import of eli's task. film began in februari 2009 and took place in new mexico.	a post-apocalypt tale, in which a lone man fight hi wai across america in order to protect a sacr book that hold the secret to save humankind.	
gladiat	action,adventur,war,heroic,histor	when a roman gener is betrai and hi famili murder by an emperor's corrupt son, he come to rome as a gladiat to seek reveng.	gladiat is a 2000 epic histor drama film direct by ridlei scott, star russel crow, joaquin phoenix, conni nielsen, ralf mšller, oliv reed, djimon hounsou, derek jacobi, john shrapnel and richard harri. crow portrai the loyal roman gener maximu decimu meridiu, who is betrai when the emperor's ambiti son, commodu, murder hi father and seiz the throne. reduc to slaveri, maximu rise through the rank of the gladiatori arena to aveng the murder of hi famili and hi emperor.	when a roman gener is betrai and hi famili murder by an emperor's corrupt son, he come to rome as a gladiat to seek reveng.	
the mentalist	crime,drama,comedi,paranorm,polic	an infam 'psychic' abandon hi public persona, out himself as a fake, to focu on hi work as a consult for the california bureau of investig in order to find "red john," the madman who kill hi wife and daughter.	the mentalist is an american polic procedur televis seri that debut on septemb 23, 2008, on cb.[1] the show wa creat by bruno heller, who is also it execut produc. the show follow former "psychic" patrick jane (simon baker), who is now a consult to the fiction california bureau of investig (cbi), us the highli develop observ skill he previous emploi to "read" peopl' mind. the mentalist wa releas on itun octob 1st 2012	an infam 'psychic' abandon hi public persona, out himself as a fake, to focu on hi work as a consult for the california bureau of investig in order to find "red john," the madman who kill hi wife and daughter.	
major crime	crime,drama,polic	the closer' spin-off seri which follow capt. raydor of the lo angel polic depart.	-	the closer' spin-off seri which follow capt. raydor of the lo angel polic depart.	
castl	crime,comedi,drama,polic,mysteri	after a serial killer imit the plot of hi novel, success mysteri novelist richard "rick" castl get permiss from the mayor of new york citi to tag along with an nypd homicid investig team for research purpos.	castl is an american comedi-drama televis seri, which premier on abc on march 9, 2009. the seri is produc jointli by beacon pictur and abc studio. creat by andrew w. marlow it primarili trace the live of richard castl, a best-sell mysteri novelist and nypd detect kate beckett as thei solv variou unusu crime in new york citi. detect beckett is initi infuri at the thought of work with a writer and goe to great length to keep him out of her wai. howev, the two soon start develop feel for each other. the show focus on the romant tension between the two lead charact, and also on the unsolv homicid of beckett's mother.	after a serial killer imit the plot of hi novel, success mysteri novelist richard "rick" castl get permiss from the mayor of new york citi to tag along with an nypd homicid investig team for research purpos.	
a time to kill	crime,suspens,justic,thriller	a young lawyer defend a black man accus of murder two men who rape hi 10-year-old daughter, spark a rebirth of the kkk.	a time to kill is a 1989 legal suspens thriller by john grisham. it wa grisham's first novel. the novel wa reject by mani publish befor wynwood press (locat in new york) eventu gave it a modest 5,000-copi print. after the firm, the pelican brief, and the client becam bestsel, interest in a time to kill grew; the book wa republish by doubledai in hardcov and, later, by dell publish in paperback, and itself becam a bestsel. thi made grisham extrem popular among reader.	a young lawyer defend a black man accus of murder two men who rape hi 10-year-old daughter, spark a rebirth of the kkk.	
i, robot	crime,sci-fi,action,adventur,robot,futurist,cgi	in the year 2035 a techno-phobic cop investig a crime that mai have been perpetr by a robot, which lead to a larger threat to human.	i, robot is a 2004 scienc-fiction action film direct by alex proya. the screenplai wa written by jeff vintar, akiva goldsman and hillari seitz, and is loos base on ("suggest by", accord to the end credit) isaac asimov's short-stori collect of the same name. will smith star in the lead role of the film as detect del spooner. the support cast includ bridget moynahan, bruce greenwood, jame cromwel, chi mcbride, alan tudyk, and shia labeouf	in the year 2035 a techno-phobic cop investig a crime that mai have been perpetr by a robot, which lead to a larger threat to human.	
bar rescu	realiti,cook,rescu	-	bar rescu is an american realiti seri that premier on spike tv on juli 17, 2011. it star jon taffer, a bar consult, who offer hi servic, at no charg, to fail bar in hope of turn their fortun around	an american realiti seri that focus on a bar consult who offer hi servic to fail bar in hope of turn their fortun around.	
star war iv: a new hope	action,adventur,comedi,sci-fi,drama,futurist,alien,villain,robot	luke skywalk, a spirit farm boi, join rebel forc to save princess leia from the evil darth vader, and the galaxi from the empir's planet-destroi death star.	set "a long time ago in a galaxi far, far awai", the film follow a group of freedom fighter known as the rebel allianc as thei plot to destroi the power death star space station, a devast weapon creat by the evil galact empir. thi conflict disrupt the isol life of farmboi luke skywalk when he inadvert acquir the droid carri the stolen plan to the death star. after the empir begin a cruel and destruct search for the droid, skywalk decid to accompani jedi knight obi-wan kenobi on a dare mission to rescu the owner of the droid, rebel leader princess leia, and save the galaxi.	luke skywalk, a spirit farm boi, join rebel forc to save princess leia from the evil darth vader, and the galaxi from the empir's planet-destroi death star.	
jurass park iii	adventur,action,suspens,horror,dinosaur	a decidedli odd coupl with ulterior motiv convinc dr. alan grant to go to isla sorna (the second ingen dinosaur lab.), result in an unexpect land...and unexpect new inhabit on the island.	jurass park iii is a 2001 american scienc fiction adventur film and the third of the jurass park franchis. it is the onli film in the seri that is neither direct by steven spielberg (though produc by hi product compani, amblin entertain) nor base on a book by michael crichton, though numer scene in the movi were taken from crichton's two book, jurass park and the lost world. the film take place on isla sorna in the central american pacif coast, the island from the second film, after a divorc coupl trick dr. alan grant into help them find their son.	a decidedli odd coupl with ulterior motiv convinc dr. alan grant to go to isla sorna (the second ingen dinosaur lab.), result in an unexpect land...and unexpect new inhabit on the island.	
the crazi	horror,action,sci-fi,insan	about the inhabit of a small iowa town suddenli plagu by insan and then death after a mysteri toxin contamin their water suppli.	the crazi (also known as code name: trixi) is a 1973 american scienc fiction horror-action film about the effect of the accident releas of a militari biolog weapon upon the inhabit of a small american town. the film wa written and direct by georg a. romero, and star lane carrol, will macmillan, harold wayn jone	about the inhabit of a small iowa town suddenli plagu by insan and then death after a mysteri toxin contamin their water suppli.	
the last hous on the left	crime,drama,crimin	after kidnap and brutal assault two young women, a gang led by a prison escape unknowingli find refug at a vacat home belong the parent of on of the victim -- a mother and father who devis an increasingli gruesom seri of reveng tactic.	the last hous on the left is a 2009 american film direct by denni iliadi and written by carl ellsworth and adam alleca. it is a remak of the 1972 film of the same name, and star monica potter, toni goldwyn, garret dillahunt, and sara paxton. the film follow the parent (goldwyn and potter) of mari collingwood (paxton), who attempt to get reveng on a group of stranger, led by a man name krug (dillahunt), that have taken shelter at their home dure a thunderstorm. the collingwood discov that krug and hi group have shot their daughter and left her for dead.	after kidnap and brutal assault two young women, a gang led by a prison escape unknowingli find refug at a vacat home belong the parent of on of the victim -- a mother and father who devis an increasingli gruesom seri of reveng tactic.	
enter the dragon	action,martial,spy	a martial artist agre to spy on a reclus crime lord us hi invit to a tournament there as cover.	enter the dragon is a 1973 hong kong martial art action film direct by robert clous; star bruce lee, jim kelli and john saxon. thi wa bruce lee's final film appear befor hi death on juli 20, 1973. the film wa releas on juli 26, 1973, six dai after lee's death, in hong kong.	a martial artist agre to spy on a reclus crime lord us hi invit to a tournament there as cover.	
i am bruce lee	action,documentari,martial,histor	bruce lee is univers recogn as the pioneer who elev martial art in film to an art form, and thi documentari will reveal why bruce lee's flame burn brighter now than the dai he di over three decad ago. the greatest martial artist, athlet, actor, director, and produc in the entertain busi todai will share their feel about the on who start it all. we will interview the peopl whose live, career, and belief system were forev alter by the legendari "father of martial art cinema". rare seen archiv footag and classic photo will punctuat the person testimoni. prepar to be inspir.	-	bruce lee is univers recogn as the pioneer who elev martial art in film to an art form, and thi documentari will reveal why bruce lee's flame burn brighter now than the dai he di over three decad ago.	
break amish	realiti,religion,debaucheri	follow five young adult who find the courag to leav their restrict amish commun. the group head to new york citi, where the somewhat shelter youth begin experi with alcohol, live up the nightlif, and experienc the drama and heartach of relationship for the first time.  four amish and on mennonit put everyth on the line to answer on question "is there more to life?" leav the onli home thei've ever known, thei move to new york citi to try a dramat differ lifestyl on for size. the decis to pack up their bag come with a lot of risk. each of them face be shun by their famili and possibl exil from their commun. in the end, thei will decid if thei want to remain amish and mennonit or seek a futur in the outsid world.	break amish is an american realiti televis seri on tlc. the plot revolv around five young adult (four amish and on mennonit) who move to new york citi in order to experi a differ life and to make a difficult decis regard whether to return to their commun, or to remain in new york citi and face potenti ostrac by their famili and friend[1].  the show follow the cast member as thei experi the realiti of live in new york citi and face new situat involv work, friendship, romanc, and lifestyl[2]. it also track the drama that develop between cast member as thei undergo variou experi. the move to new york citi by these young men and women differ from rumspringa, the rite of passag in which some 16-year-old amish ar allow to experi the outsid world and to decid whether or not thei wish to remain with their home commun.	follow five young adult who find the courag to leav their restrict amish commun. the group head to new york citi, where the somewhat shelter youth begin experi with alcohol, live up the nightlif, and experienc the drama and heartach of relationship for the first time.	
long island medium	realiti,paranorm,psychic	follow theresa caputo, a normal mom from new york who balanc a full famili life with her abil to commun with the dead. each episod will show how thi gift impact her life and the live of those around her.	long island medium is an american realiti televis seri air on tlc. it premier in septemb 2011. base in hicksvil, new york, the show star theresa caputo, who claim she is a medium who can commun with the deceas. the show follow her life as she juggl client and her famili.	follow theresa caputo, a normal mom from new york who balanc a full famili life with her abil to commun with the dead. each episod will show how thi gift impact her life and the live of those around her.	
here come honei boo boo	realiti,famili,pageant,fashion	alana and her mother, june, have been becom two of the more familiar toddler & tiara face after a 2012 episod show alana drink go-go juic befor a competit. the drink, which work her into a frenzi in front of the camera, is a combin of red bull and mountain dew and had the pair work the talk show circuit earlier in the year to defend their caffein consumpt. nicknam honei boo boo, alana and her famili, mother june, dad sugar bear and sister lauryn, jessica and anna, will be the focu of the seri when the youngest daughter isn't compet in pageant.	here come honei boo boo is a realiti televis program on tlc which featur pageant particip alana thompson (honei boo boo), along with her mother june shannon, father mike thompson and her three older sister. the show is mostli film in and around the famili's hometown in rural mcintyr, georgia, unit state.	alana and her mother, june, have been becom two of the more familiar toddler & tiara face after a 2012 episod show alana drink go-go juic befor a competit.	
19 kid and count	realiti,famili	-	19 kid and count (formerli 17 kid and count and 18 kid and count) is an american realiti televis show on tlc. the show is about the duggar famili, which consist of parent jim bob and michel duggar and their 19 childrenÑnine girl and ten boi (includ two set of fratern twin), all of whose name begin with the letter "j". the seri began on septemb 29, 2008,[1] and is in it tenth season sinc august 28, 2012.	an american realiti televis show focus on the duggar famili, which consist of parent jim bob and michel duggar and their 19 childrenÑnine girl and ten boi.	
hoard: buri aliv	realiti,documentari,health,therapi,bizarr	-	hoard: buri aliv is an american documentari televis seri that premier on tlc on march 14, 2010. the show follow hoarder through their life experi and help them learn to manag their ill.  hoard: buri aliv take the viewer into the person live of hoarder, focus on how the mental ill ha affect the individu and the famili member. each episod usual look at two differ case and examin the histori of the victim and take time to interview famili member.[1] the show includ an extens look at the item each person collect.[2] each hoarder receiv treatment provid by both a therapist and a profession organ.[1] these profession help them through the process of rid their hous of the hoard. by the end of the episod, the hoarder typic have shown sign of improv that make the viewer hope for their continu success	hoard: buri aliv take the viewer into the person live of hoarder, focus on how the mental ill ha affect the individu and the famili member.	
sai ye to the dress: atlanta	realiti,romanc,diva,fashion	-	sai ye to the dress: atlanta is a tlc realiti seri which follow event at bridal by lori in the atlanta suburb of sandi spring. the seri show the progress of individu sale associ, manag, and fitter at the store, along with profil bride as thei search for the perfect wed dress. it is a spin-off of sai ye to the dress.	a tlc realiti seri which follow event at bridal by lori in the atlanta suburb of sandi spring. the seri show the progress of individu sale associ, manag, and fitter at the store, along with profil bride as thei search for the perfect wed dress.	
four wed	realiti,romanc,competit,diva,fashion	-	it follow a similar style as come dine with me and involv four bride/groom attend each other's wed and rate them on.  at the end of the show thei discov which of the coupl ha won a luxuri honeymoon. viewer can also plai onlin in the "onlin wed rater" and rate the wed as thei ar shown for comparison with the rest of the public.	discov which of the coupl ha won a luxuri honeymoon.	
park war	realiti,crime,polic	thi tv show follow the philadelphia park author (ppa). it is split into three segment impound lot, boot/tow, and ticket.	park war is a realiti televis seri which air on the a&e televis network.[1] the program follow traffic enforc employe as thei ticket, "boot," and tow car as part of their park enforc duti.	follow traffic enforc employe as thei ticket, "boot," and tow car as part of their park enforc duti.	
independ dai	action,comedi,sci-fi,futurist,alien,postapocalypt,heroic	the alien ar come and their goal is to invad and destroi. fight superior technolog, man's best weapon is the will to surviv.	independ dai is a 1996 american militari scienc fiction disast film about an alien invas of earth. the narr focus on a dispar group of peopl who converg in the nevada desert and, along with the rest of the human popul, particip in a last-chanc counterattack on juli 4ÊÐ the same date as the independ dai holidai in the unit state.	the alien ar come and their goal is to invad and destroi. fight superior technolog, man's best weapon is the will to surviv.	
storag war	realiti	-	storag war is an american realiti televis seri on the a&e network that premier in 2010. the show featur the auction coupl of dan dotson and laura dotson, as well as buyer dave hester, the usual togeth but occasion separ team of darrel and brandon sheet, barri weiss, and the team of jarrod schulz and brandi passant. execut produc and creator thom beer serv as off-screen narrat. when rent is not paid on a storag locker for three month in california, the content ar sold by an auction as a singl lot of item. the show follow profession buyer who purchas the content base onli on a five-minut inspect of what thei can see from the door when it is open. the goal is to turn a profit on the merchandis.	when rent is not paid on a storag locker for three month in california, the content ar sold by an auction as a singl lot of item. the show follow profession buyer who purchas the content base onli on a five-minut inspect of what thei can see from the door when it is open.	
hoarder	realiti,documentari,health,therapi,bizarr	-	hoard: buri aliv take the viewer into the person live of hoarder, focus on how the mental ill ha affect the individu and the famili member. each episod usual look at two differ case and examin the histori of the victim and take time to interview famili member.[1] the show includ an extens look at the item each person collect.[2] each hoarder receiv treatment provid by both a therapist and a profession organ.[1] these profession help them through the process of rid their hous of the hoard. by the end of the episod, the hoarder typic have shown sign of improv that make the viewer hope for their continu success.	take the viewer into the person live of hoarder, focus on how the mental ill ha affect the individu and the famili member.	
storag war texa	realiti	-	storag war: texa (origin storag war dalla) is a realiti televis seri on the a&e network that premier in 2011. it is a region spin-off of the highli-popular seri storag war. the show featur auction walt cade, as well as auction hunter ricki and bubba smith, morri "moe" prigoff, victor rjesnjanski, lesa lewi and her assist jerri simpson, and roi william, with new bidder jenni grumbl and mari padian start in the third season.[1] the premis is essenti the same: when rent is not paid on a storag locker for three month in texa, the content ar sold by an auction as a singl lot of item. the show follow profession buyer who bid on the content (usual for the purpos of resel for profit should thei purchas a locker) base onli on a five-minut inspect and what thei can see onli from the door when it is open.	when rent is not paid on a storag locker for three month in texa, the content ar sold by an auction as a singl lot of item. the show follow profession buyer who bid on the content (usual for the purpos of resel for profit should thei purchas a locker) base onli on a five-minut inspect and what thei can see onli from the door when it is open.	
the first 48	crime,documentari,mysteri,polic,justic	the seri follow detect dure the hour immedi follow a homicid.	the first 48 is an american documentari televis seri that air on a&e. film in variou citi in the unit state, the seri offer an insid's look at the real-life world of homicid investig. while the cinema-verit seri often follow the investig to their end, it usual focus on their first 48 hour, henc the titl.	the seri follow detect dure the hour immedi follow a homicid.	
crimin mind	crime,drama,mysteri,polic	an elit group of profil analyz the nation's most danger crimin mind in an effort to anticip their next move befor thei strike again.	crimin mind is an american polic procedur televis program that premier septemb 22, 2005, on cb. the seri follow a team of profil from the fbi's behavior analysi unit (bau) base in quantico, virginia. the bau is part of the fbi nation center for the analysi of violent crime.[1] the show differ from mani procedur drama by focus on the crimin rather than the crime itself.	an elit group of profil analyz the nation's most danger crimin mind in an effort to anticip their next move befor thei strike again.	
pawn star	realiti	rick harrison and hi famili own and run a pawn shop on the la vega strip. thei bui, sell, and apprais item of histor valu.	pawn star is an american realiti televis seri, shown on histori, and produc by leftfield pictur. the seri is film in la vega, nevada, where it chronicl the daili activ at the world famou gold & silver pawn shop,[2] a 24-hour famili busi oper by patriarch richard "old man" harrison, hi son rick harrison, who open the shop with hi father in 1988, rick's son corei "big hoss" harrison, who ha work there sinc childhood, and corei's childhood friend, austin "chumle" russel.	rick harrison and hi famili own and run a pawn shop on the la vega strip. thei bui, sell, and apprais item of histor valu.	
count car	realiti,auto	-	count car is an american realiti televis seri, shown on histori, and produc by leftfield pictur. the seri, which is the third spinoff of pawn star, is film in la vega, nevada, where it chronicl the daili activ at count's kustom, an automobil restor and custom compani own and oper by danni koker, who previous appear as a recur expert on pawn star. in a format similar to anoth pawn star spinoff, american restor, the seri follow koker and hi staff as thei restor and modifi classic automobil and motorcycl.	the seri follow koker and hi staff as thei restor and modifi classic automobil and motorcycl.	
brad meltzer's decod	paranorm,mysteri,histor	novelist brad meltzer and a team of investig delv into histor mysteri.	brad meltzer's decod, (or simpli decod), is an american mysteri and conspiraci theori investig televis seri, produc by go go luckei and berman/braun, that premier decemb 2, 2010 on the histori channel.[1] the seri is host by polit thriller author and non-fiction writer brad meltzer and follow a team of investig who try to determin the mean behind variou symbol, alleg secret code and conspiraci that surround us everydai.	novelist brad meltzer and a team of investig delv into histor mysteri.	
american restor	realiti,auto,rescu	-	american restor is an american realiti televis seri air on the histori channel. produc by leftfield pictur, the seri is record in la vega, nevada, where it chronicl the daili activ at rick's restor, an antiqu restor shop, with it owner rick dale, hi staff, and teenag son, as thei restor variou vintag item to their origin condit	chronicl the daili activ at rick's restor, an antiqu restor shop, with it owner rick dale, hi staff, and teenag son, as thei restor variou vintag item to their origin condit.	
ancient alien	paranorm,alien,space	-	ancient alien is an american televis seri that premier on april 20, 2010 on the histori channel.[1] produc by prometheu entertain, the program present hypothes of ancient astronaut and propos that histor text, archaeolog and legend contain evid of past human-extraterrestri contact.[2][3] the show ha been critic for present disput pseudosci.	present hypothes of ancient astronaut and propos that histor text, archaeolog and legend contain evid of past human-extraterrestri contact.	
cajun pawn star	realiti	seri follow jimmi deramu and hi team at alexandria, louisiana's fame silver dollar pawn and jewelri center.	cajun pawn star revolv around anoth famili-own pawn shop, the silver dollar pawn & jewelri center in alexandria, louisiana, which is own by jimmi "big daddi" deramu, who run the store along with hi wife peggi, hi brother johnni, and daughter tammi.[3] assist the deramus ar employe tina journet, walt piper, and robbi friend; as well as the pawn shop's resid gun expert gari ermating	cajun pawn star revolv around anoth famili-own pawn shop, the silver dollar pawn & jewelri center in alexandria, louisiana.	
lake placid 2	horror,suspens,monster,mythic	-	lake placid 2 is a 2007 made-for-televis horror film	the crocodil myth resurfac when a research is pluck from hi boat in the presenc of hi colleagu.	
shutter island	crime,drama,insan	drama set in 1954, u.s. marshal teddi daniel is investig the disappear of a murderess who escap from a hospit for the crimin insan and is presum to be hide nearbi.	in 1954, widow u.s. marshal edward "teddi" daniel and hi new partner chuck aul go to shutter island on a ferri boat to the home of ashecliff hospit for the crimin insan, to investig the disappear of a patient, rachel solando, who ha escap the hospit and appar the desol island, despit have been kept in a lock cell under constant supervis.	drama set in 1954, u.s. marshal teddi daniel is investig the disappear of a murderess who escap from a hospit for the crimin insan and is presum to be hide nearbi.	
warehous 13	crime,sci-fi,mysteri,paranorm,magic	after save the life of the presid in washington d.c., a pair of u.s secret servic agent ar whisk awai to a covert locat in south dakota that hous supernatur object that the regent, an author abov and outsid ani govern, have collect over the centuri. their new assign: retriev ani lost object and investig report of new on.	the seri follow u.s. secret servic agent myka bere (joann kelli) and pete lattim (eddi mcclintock) when thei ar assign to the govern's secret warehous 13 for supernatur artifact.[7][15][16][17] it is locat in a barren landscap in south dakota, and thei initi regard the assign as punish. as thei go about their assign to retriev miss artifact and investig report of new on, thei come to understand the import of what thei ar do.	after save the life of the presid in washington d.c., a pair of u.s secret servic agent ar whisk awai to a covert locat in south dakota that hous supernatur object that the regent, an author abov and outsid ani govern, have collect over the centuri. their new assign: retriev ani lost object and investig report of new on.	
alpha	drama,sci-fi,action,heroic,magic	dr. lee rosen lead a team of "alpha", (human be with enhanc abil) who investig the death of a wit in a court case. thei soon uncov more than thei had bargain for.	alpha is an american scienc fiction dramat televis seri creat by zak penn and michael karnow.  the seri follow a group of peopl with superhuman abil, known as "alpha", as thei work to prevent crime commit by other alpha	dr. lee rosen lead a team of "alpha", (human be with enhanc abil) who investig the death of a wit in a court case. thei soon uncov more than thei had bargain for.	
face off	crime,action,comedi,villain	a revolutionari medic techniqu allow an undercov agent to take the physic appear of a major crimin and infiltr hi organ.	face/off is a 1997 american action thriller film direct by john woo, star nicola cage and john travolta. the two both plai an fbi agent and a terrorist, sworn enemi who assum the physic appear of on anoth.[2] the film exemplifi woo's signatur gun fu and heroic bloodsh action sequenc, and ha travolta and cage each plai two person.	a revolutionari medic techniqu allow an undercov agent to take the physic appear of a major crimin and infiltr hi organ.	
paranorm wit	paranorm,realiti,documentari,ghost	seri bring to life the stori of peopl who have live through paranorm experi that defi explan.	paranorm wit is an american paranorm realiti televis seri film in a documentari-style that featur eyewit account from everydai peopl that have experienc paranorm activ	seri bring to life the stori of peopl who have live through paranorm experi that defi explan.	
ghost hunter	documentari,paranorm,ghost	thi on-hour weekli docu-soap from the creator/execut produc of "american chopper" follow a group of real-life paranorm research as thei investig haunt hous throughout the countri, encount everi type of imagin haunt. jason haw and grant wilson, plumber by trade, head up tap -- the atlant paranorm societi -- a group of ordinari, everydai peopl with an interest in get to the bottom of your otherworldli disturb.	ghost hunter is an american paranorm realiti televis seri that premier on octob 6, 2004, on syfi (previous the sci fi channel). the program featur paranorm investig jason haw and grant wilson who investig place that ar report to be haunt.	thi on-hour weekli docu-soap from the creator/execut produc of "american chopper" follow a group of real-life paranorm research as thei investig haunt hous throughout the countri, encount everi type of imagin haunt. jason haw and grant wilson, plumber by trade, head up tap -- the atlant paranorm societi -- a group of ordinari, everydai peopl with an interest in get to the bottom of your otherworldli disturb.	
star trek: first contact	drama,sci-fi,alien,futurist	captain picard and hi crew pursu the borg back in time to stop them from prevent earth from initi first contact with alien life.	star trek: first contact is a 1996 american scienc fiction film releas by paramount pictur. it is the eighth featur film in the star trek scienc fiction franchis	captain picard and hi crew pursu the borg back in time to stop them from prevent earth from initi first contact with alien life.	
wwe fridai night smackdown!	sport,wrestl,fight	weekli sport show, with frequent commentari, interview, side plot and hype.	wwe smackdown (also styliz as fridai night smackdown) is a sport entertain televis program for wwe wrestl fight	weekli sport show, with frequent commentari, interview, side plot and hype.	
queen of the damn	fantasi,drama,music,mythic,vampir,villain,surreal	the vampir lestat becom a rock star whose music wake up the queen of all vampir.	the queen of the damn (1988) is the third novel of ann rice's the vampir chronicl seri. it follow interview with the vampir and the vampir lestat. thi novel is a continu of the stori that end in a cliffhang in the vampir lestat and explor the rich histori and mytholog of the origin of the vampir, which date back to ancient egypt	the vampir lestat becom a rock star whose music wake up the queen of all vampir.	
the cosbi show	famili,comedi,ethic,goofi	the go-on in the life of a success african american famili.	the cosbi show is an american televis situat comedi star bill cosbi, which air for eight season on the nation broadcast compani (nbc) from septemb 20, 1984 until april 30, 1992. the show focus on the huxtabl famili, an affluent african-american famili live in brooklyn, new york.	the go-on in the life of a success african american famili.	
everybodi love raymond	famili,comedi,goofi	it never stop for success sport writer rai baron, whose oddbal famili life consist of a fed up wife, overbear parent, and an older brother with lifelong jealousi.	everybodi love raymond is an american televis sitcom, star rai romano and patricia heaton. it origin ran on cb from septemb 13, 1996, to mai 16, 2005. mani of the situat from the show ar base on the real-life experi of romano, creator/produc phil rosenth and the show's write staff. the main charact on the show ar also loos base on romano's and rosenth's real-life famili member	it never stop for success sport writer rai baron, whose oddbal famili life consist of a fed up wife, overbear parent, and an older brother with lifelong jealousi.	
m*a*s*h	comedi,drama,war,goofi,histor	the staff of an armi hospit in the korean war find that laughter is the best wai to deal with their situat.	m*a*s*h is a media franchis. own in it film and televis incarn by 20th centuri fox, and origin in the semi-biograph fiction of richard hooker, the seri concern a group of fiction charact who serv at the fiction "4077th mobil armi surgic hospit (m*a*s*h)" dure the korean war. the origin incarn of the seri is loos base on the real 8055th mobil armi surgic hospit (mash), and featur hawkey pierc as the main charact. later spin-off involv charact who appear in the seri, but ar set after the end of the war. almost all version of the seri fit into the genr of black comedi or dramedi and involv medicin in a promin role due to most of the main charact be doctor or nurs.	explor the inner work of factori worldwid. each episod profil the machineri and manpow behind each factori's main product, featur close-up, breakdown, interview, and side stori to show the sequenc of event to produc the product in the factori.	
the real housew of new york citi	realiti,diva	a fast-pace realiti show that follow sever incred busi and ambiti manhattan women. watch as thei balanc enviou social calendar, challeng career, and motherhood, with the hustl and bustl of the big citi all around.	the real housew of new york citi is an american realiti televis program on the bravo cabl tv network, a spin-off of the bravo seri the real housew of orang counti	a fast-pace realiti show that follow sever incred busi and ambiti manhattan women. watch as thei balanc enviou social calendar, challeng career, and motherhood, with the hustl and bustl of the big citi all around.	
the real housew of new jersei	realiti,diva	-	the real housew of new jersei is a realiti televis program on the bravo network, which follow the live of women in and around sever upscal commun in northern new jersei	follow the live of women in and around sever upscal commun in northern new jersei.	
insid the actor studio	documentari,commentari,celebr	famou actor, director and writer reminisc about their career and the philosophi behind their career.	the show deliber us a slower pace in the interview as compar with a typic celebr interview, thu camera usual record a coupl of hour' of convers, later edit to an hour, a trick us by groucho marx on hi 1950s quiz show you bet your life. the result, as a new york time articl put it, "in mr. lipton's guest chair, actor ceas be star for a while and becom artist and teacher." though sometim, some interview go longer; steven spielberg's 1999 visit, for exampl, stretch to four hour, and wa later shown as two episod of on hour each. the interview ar guid by lipton's trademark index-card question known for well-research detail of guest's life, often startl some	famou actor, director and writer reminisc about their career and the philosophi behind their career.	
flip out	realiti,hous	-	flip out is a realiti televis seri that debut on juli 31, 2007 on bravo in the unit state and hgtv in canada. subsequ, it debut on cabl network arena in australia on septemb 4, 2009. for the first season it also re-air on sister network cnbc. the show is center on design jeff lewi in lo angel, california, hi entourag that consist of hi project manag jenni, housekeep zoila, busi manag and boyfriend gage and hi other assist(s) and helper(s).[1] for the first season the show revolv around lewi' flip project as he renov home and re-sold them for a profit. as the hous bubbl pop in 2007, lewi start to focu more on hi home design consult busi and less on flip hous, though in season four he consid move back into flip small project on the side	the show is center on design jeff lewi in lo angel, california, hi entourag that consist of hi project manag jenni, housekeep zoila, busi manag and boyfriend gage and hi other assist(s) and helper(s).	
top chef	realiti,cook,competit	-	top chef is an american realiti competit show that air on the cabl televis network bravo, in which chef compet against each other in culinari challeng. thei ar judg by a panel of profession chef and other notabl from the food and wine industri with on or more contest elimin in each episod	top chef is an american realiti competit show in which chef compet against each other in culinari challeng.	
tombston	crime,western,histor,justic	a success lawman's plan to retir anonym in tombston, arizona, ar disrupt by the kind of outlaw he wa famou for elimin.	the film is base on event relat to the gunfight at the o.k. corral, along with the earp vendetta which follow it soon after in tombston, arizona dure the 1880s. it depict a number of western outlaw and lawmen, such as wyatt earp, william brociu, johnni ringo, and doc hollidai as it explor crime, polit corrupt and law enforc in the old american west	a success lawman's plan to retir anonym in tombston, arizona, ar disrupt by the kind of outlaw he wa famou for elimin.	
into the west	western	tale from the american west in the 19th centuri, told from the perspect of two famili, on of white settler and on of nativ american	the plot follow the stori of two famili, on white american, on nativ american, as their live becom mingl through the moment event of american expans. the stori intertwin real and fiction charact and event span the period of expans of the unit state in the american west, from 1825 to 1890.	tale from the american west in the 19th centuri, told from the perspect of two famili, on of white settler and on of nativ american	
hell on wheel	western,drama	blood will be spill. live will be lost. men will be ruin	hell on wheel is an american western televis seri creat and produc by joe and toni gayton. set in 1865, the seri center on the settlement that accompani the construct of the first transcontinent railroad, refer to as "hell on wheel" by the compani men, surveyor, support worker, labor, prostitut, mercenari and other who make the mobil encamp their home. it star anson mount as cullen bohannon, a former confeder soldier who work as a foreman on the railroad as he tri to track down the union soldier who murder hi wife and young son	blood will be spill. live will be lost. men will be ruin.	
termin 2: judgment dai	action,sci-fi,horror,futurist,monster,heroic,villain,suspens	the cyborg who onc tri to kill sarah connor is dead, and anoth t-101 must now protect her teenag son, john connor, from an even more power and advanc termin, the t-1000	termin 2: judgment dai is a 1991 scienc fiction action film, the second instal of the termin franchis and the sequel to the termin (1984). direct by jame cameron and written by cameron and william wisher, jr., it star arnold schwarzenegg, linda hamilton, robert patrick, and edward furlong. termin 2 follow sarah connor (hamilton) and her son john (furlong) as thei ar pursu by a new, more advanc termin, the liquid metal, shapeshift t-1000 (patrick), sent back in time to kill john and prevent him from becom the leader of the human resist against the machin. an older, less advanc termin (schwarzenegg) is also sent back in time to protect john	the cyborg who onc tri to kill sarah connor is dead, and anoth t-101 must now protect her teenag son, john connor, from an even more power and advanc termin, the t-1000.	
the fifth element	action,adventur,sci-fi,futurist,alien,goofi	in the color futur, a cab driver unwittingli becom the central figur in the search for a legendari cosmic weapon to keep evil and mr zorg at bai	the fifth element is a 1997 french scienc fiction adventur film direct, co-written, and base on a stori by luc besson, star bruce willi, gari oldman, and milla jovovich. mostli set dure the twenti-third centuri, the film's central plot involv the surviv of human, which becom the duti of korben dalla (willi) Ð a taxicab driver (and former special forc major) Ð when a young woman (jovovich) fall into hi taxicab. upon learn about her signific, dalla must join effort with the girl to recov four mystic stone essenti to defend earth from an impend attack	in the color futur, a cab driver unwittingli becom the central figur in the search for a legendari cosmic weapon to keep evil and mr zorg at bai.	
csi: miami	crime,drama,polic	the case of the miami-dade, florida polic depart's crime scene investig unit	csi: miami (crime scene investig: miami) is an american polic procedur televis seri	the case of the miami-dade, florida polic depart's crime scene investig unit.	
apollo 13	drama,adventur,space,histor	true stori of the moon-bound mission that develop sever troubl and the men that rescu it with skill and dedic	apollo 13 wa the seventh man mission in the american apollo space program and the third intend to land on the moon. the craft wa launch on april 11, 1970, at 13:13 cst from the kennedi space center, florida, but the lunar land wa abort after an oxygen tank explod two dai later, crippl the servic modul upon which the command modul depend. despit great hardship caus by limit power, loss of cabin heat, shortag of potabl water, and the critic need to juri-rig the carbon dioxid remov system, the crew return safe to earth on april 17	true stori of the moon-bound mission that develop sever troubl and the men that rescu it with skill and dedic.	
fargo	crime,drama,comedi,goofi	jerri lundegaard's inept crime fall apart due to hi and hi henchmen's bungl and the persist polic work of the quit pregnant marg gunderson	fargo is a 1996 american crime film produc, direct and written by brother joel and ethan coen. it star franc mcdormand as a pregnant polic chief who investig a seri of homicid and william h. maci as a car salesman who hire two crimin to kidnap hi wife. steve buscemi and peter stormar plai the crimin and harv presnel plai the salesman's father-in-law	jerri lundegaard's inept crime fall apart due to hi and hi henchmen's bungl and the persist polic work of the quit pregnant marg gunderson.	
open rang	western,crime,justic	a former gunsling is forc to take up arm again when he and hi cattl crew ar threaten by a corrupt lawman.	open rang is a 2003 american western film co-star, co-produc, and direct by kevin costner, base on the novel the open rang men by lauran pain. star alongsid costner ar robert duval, annett bene, and michael gambon	a former gunsling is forc to take up arm again when he and hi cattl crew ar threaten by a corrupt lawman.	
restaur stakeout	cook,realiti,rescu,spy	-	restaur stakeout is an american realiti televis seri that air wednesdai night on food network.[1] the first episod air march 12, 2012 as a sneak preview.[2] the seri star new york citi restaur owner willi degel, who goe behind the scene of differ restaur across the countri with hidden camera to examin their servic problem	star new york citi restaur owner willi degel, who goe behind the scene of differ restaur across the countri with hidden camera to examin their servic problem.	
the great food truck race	cook,realiti,competit	a number of food truck in a competit to see who earn the most monei, with the lowest earn truck kick off at the end of each episod.	the great food truck race is a realiti televis seri, that origin air on august 15, 2010, on food network, with tyler florenc as the host.[1] it featur compet food truck	a number of food truck in a competit to see who earn the most monei, with the lowest earn truck kick off at the end of each episod.	
cupcak war	cook,realiti,competit	4 baker compet to make cupcak with best tast and present. 3 round elimin a contest. the 2 finalist creat a 1000 cupcak displai. the winner get to showcas their cupcak present at a major event and win $10,000.	cupcak war is a food network realiti-base competit show host by justin willman base on creat uniqu and profession-style cupcak that began air in june 2010. the show is similar to it success chop show in that it start with 4 contest who ar elimin on by on in 3 round	4 baker compet to make cupcak with best tast and present. 3 round elimin a contest. the 2 finalist creat a 1000 cupcak displai. the winner get to showcas their cupcak present at a major event and win $10,000.	
diner, drive-in and dive	cook,comedi,travel	food network's gui fieri, roll out to visit america's favorit diner, drive-in and dive, interview the owner of the food establish and sampl the item on their menu.	each episod gener ha a unifi theme (such as burger or comfort food) with the host visit multipl restaur to sampl the food that correspond to thi theme. the program focus on small independ eateri featur tradit american-style cuisin (such as barbecu, smoke meat, hamburg, deep fri food, steak, and bacon-and-egg breakfast), region style, or ethnic specialti. most often, the restaur that the show choos us fresh ingredi, home-style recip, and gourmet culinari approach to what is usual consid non-gourmet food. the host interact with both the custom, to get their opinion on the food, and with the kitchen staff, who demonstr how to prepar on or more of the dish	food network's gui fieri, roll out to visit america's favorit diner, drive-in and dive, interview the owner of the food establish and sampl the item on their menu.	
chop	cook,realiti,competit	-	chop is a realiti base cook televis seri creat by michael krupat, produc by linda lea, and host by ted allen that pit four chef against each other compet for a chanc to win $10,000.	chop is a realiti base cook televis seri that pit four chef against each other compet for a chanc to win $10,000.	
restaur: imposs	cook,realiti,rescu	turn around a fail restaur is a daunt challeng under the best of circumst. attempt to do it in just two dai with onli $10,000 mai be imposs, but that's exactli what chef robert irvin set out to do in hi new food network show, restaur imposs. robert will us a littl macgyv and a lot of muscl to rescu these desper place from complet collaps. can on man, in two dai, with $10,000, turn the tide of a fail restaur and give hope to the owner and their employe? find out as robert irvin take on restaur: imposs.	in each episod, chef robert irvin is given the "mission" of make the imposs possibl by renov a fail restaur in two dai on a $10,000 budget.	in each episod, chef robert irvin is given the "mission" of make the imposs possibl by renov a fail restaur in two dai on a $10,000 budget.	
$24 in 24	cook,realiti,howto,travel,financ	-	in each episod, mauro goe on a trip to a citi in the u.s. with onli $24 to spend on food. breakfast, lunch, dinner, and a snack	in each episod, mauro goe on a trip to a citi in the u.s. with onli $24 to spend on food. breakfast, lunch, dinner, and a snack.	
paul blart: mall cop	crime,comedi,goofi,villain	when a shop mall is overtaken by a gang of organ crook, it's up to the a mild-manner secur guard to save the dai.	paul blart (kevin jame) is a mild-manner, overweight man who take hi job as a secur guard at the fiction west orang pavilion mall in west orang, new jersei veri serious crime comedi film hilari	when a shop mall is overtaken by a gang of organ crook, it's up to the a mild-manner secur guard to save the dai.	
ghost adventur	paranorm,ghost	-	ghost adventur is an american paranorm televis seri that first premier on octob 17, 2008, on the travel channel. produc by my-tupelo entertain (a merger of my entertain and tupelo-honei product),[1] the program follow and star ghost hunter zak bagan, nick groff and aaron goodwin as thei investig locat that ar purport to be haunt	follow ghost hunter zak bagan, nick groff and aaron goodwin as thei investig locat that ar purport to be haunt.	
man v. food	cook,realiti,travel,competit	host adam richman travel around the u.s., take on a varieti of local eat challeng involv meal size, spici and other daunt factor.	man v. food is an american food realiti televis seri. it premier on decemb 3, 2008 on the travel channel. the program is host by actor and food enthusiast adam richman.[1] in each episod, richman explor the "big food" offer of a differ american citi befor face off against a pre-exist eat challeng at a local restaur	host adam richman travel around the u.s., take on a varieti of local eat challeng involv meal size, spici and other daunt factor.	
anthoni bourdain: no reserv	cook,travel,debaucheri,comedi	anthoni bourdain, chef, writer, travel, visit place all around the world sampl variou food	anthoni bourdain: no reserv is an ongo american travel and food show on the travel channel; it also air on the discoveri travel & live channel around the world. host anthoni bourdain visit oversea countri, citi worldwid, and place within the u.s., where host treat him to local cultur and cuisin	anthoni bourdain, chef, writer, travel, visit place all around the world sampl variou food.	
airport 24/7: miami	documentari,travel	seri goe beyond the termin for an unpreced look at the inner work of miami intern airport, also known as mia. with nearli 40 million passeng a year, mia is the size of a small citi, and consid a categori x airport, a prime target for a terrorist attack. viewer will meet the steadfast mia team whose job it is to keep on of america's largest airport run around the clock, and see what it take to fight terror, intercept drug smuggler, secur a presidenti land, manag sever weather and much more	-	viewer will meet the steadfast team whose job it is to keep on of america's largest airport run around the clock.	
toi hunter	realiti,toi	mai the forc be with toi dealer jordan hembrough and he hunt down the most sought after star war collect, batman and more.	toi hunter is a seri that premier on travel channel on august 15, 2012. it follow the exploit of jordan hembrough, a renown toi dealer, who take toi pick to a new level as he visit collect from some of the most popular citi on the east and west coast	mai the forc be with toi dealer jordan hembrough and he hunt down the most sought after star war collect, batman and more.	
bizarr food with andrew zimmern	cook,travel,bizarr,disgust	-	bizarr food focus on region cuisin from around the world which is typic perceiv by american as be disgust, exot, or bizarr. in each episod, zimmern focus on the cuisin of a particular countri or region. he typic show how the food is procur, where it is serv, and, usual without hesit, eat it.	bizarr food focus on region cuisin from around the world which is typic perceiv by american as be disgust, exot, or bizarr. in each episod, zimmern focus on the cuisin of a particular countri or region. he typic show how the food is procur, where it is serv, and, usual without hesit, eat it.	
bomb girl	drama,war	a drama about world war ii women at work in a munit factori.	bomb girl profil the stori of four women work in a canadian munit factori in world war ii.	a drama about world war ii women at work in a munit factori.	
the full monti	comedi,debaucheri,bizarr	six unemploi steel worker form a male stripteas act. the women cheer them on to go for "the full monti" - total nuditi.	the film is set in sheffield, england, and it tell the stori of six unemploi men, four of them former steel worker, who decid to form a male stripteas act (ˆ la chippendal dancer) in order to gather enough monei to get somewher els and for main charact, gaz, to be abl to see hi son. gaz declar that their show will be better than the chippendal dancer becaus thei will go "the full monti" Ñ strip all the wai Ñ henc the film's titl. despit be a comedi, the film also touch on seriou subject such as unemploy, father' right, depress, impot, homosexu, obes, work class cultur and suicid.	six unemploi steel worker form a male stripteas act. the women cheer them on to go for "the full monti" - total nuditi.	
no wai out	crime,polit,drama	a coverup and witchhunt occur after a politician accident kill hi mistress.	no wai out is a 1987 thriller film about a russian spy and u.s. naval offic investig a washington, d.c. murder. it star kevin costner, gene hackman and sean young	a coverup and witchhunt occur after a politician accident kill hi mistress.	
memphi bell	war,drama	it's mai 1943 at a us air forc base in england. the four offic and six enlist men of the memphi bell - a b-17 bomber so nicknam for the girlfriend of it stern and stoic captain, denni dearborn - will soon start their twenti-fifth mission, have complet their previou twenti-four successfulli with nari an incid, while fewer and fewer other plane ar come back from their mission at all. if thei complet their next mission successfulli, thei will be the first us air forc squad to complet their tour of duti. visit commun offic lt. col. bruce derring want to public and highli tout their accomplish, even befor it happen, as a long term good new campaign at a time when there is littl good new to report. derring's plan is against the wish of the base command, col. craig harriman, who would prefer to treat the ten as ani of hi other hard work men. the previou success of the memphi bell is despit the dispar natur of the ten men, whose person and background could not be more differ. each of the ten ha a differ view of derring's public campaign as well as to the probabl success or failur of what will be their last mission regardless, a danger on into enemi territori over the ski of bremen, germani.	memphi bell is a 1990 film direct by michael caton-jone and written by mont merrick, star matthew modin and eric stoltz and introduc harri connick jr. in hi screen debut. it is a fiction of the 1943 documentari memphi bell: a stori of a fly fortress by director william wyler, about the 25th and last mission of an american b-17 bomber, the memphi bell, which wa base in england dure world war ii.	a fiction of the 1943 documentari memphi bell: a stori of a fly fortress by director william wyler, about the 25th and last mission of an american b-17 bomber, the memphi bell, which wa base in england dure world war ii.	
the kennedi	polit,drama	the stori of the most fabl polit famili in american histori, told in a manner similar to the godfath: a manipul, egocentr father determin to live out hi own ambit through hi son, who in turn spent their live danc to hi tune while at the same time try to stand on their own. thi is histori through person - the tangl relationship through which paint a pictur of on of the most turbul period of the modern ag. viewer will be upstair at the white hous, not in the cabinet room. through icon event in histori - the bai of pig, the cuban missil crisi, the civil right struggl, the mob connect - viewer will learn about the lesser known, yet critic person stori.	the kennedi is an emmi-win canadian-american televis miniseri chronicl the live of the kennedi famili, includ kei triumph and tragedi it ha experienc.	the stori of the most fabl polit famili in american histori, told in a manner similar to the godfath: a manipul, egocentr father determin to live out hi own ambit through hi son, who in turn spent their live danc to hi tune while at the same time try to stand on their own.	
jurass park	horror,action,sci-fi,dinosaur,surreal,mythic,monster	dure a preview tour, a theme park suffer a major power breakdown that allow it clone dinosaur exhibit to run amok.	jurass park is a 1993 american scienc fiction adventur film[2] direct by steven spielberg, and is base on the novel of the same name by michael crichton. it star sam neill, laura dern, jeff goldblum, richard attenborough, ariana richard, joseph mazzello, martin ferrero and bob peck. the film center on the fiction isla nublar near costa rica in the central american pacif coast, where a billionair philanthropist and a small team of genet scientist have creat an amus park of clone dinosaur	dure a preview tour, a theme park suffer a major power breakdown that allow it clone dinosaur exhibit to run amok.	
cheer	sitcom,comedi,goofi	the regular of the boston bar cheer share their experi and live with each other while drink or work at the bar where everybodi know your name.	cheer is an american televis sitcom televis seri that ran for 11 season from 1982 to 1993. it wa produc by charl/burrow/charl product, in associ with paramount network televis for nbc, and wa creat by the team of jame burrow, glen charl, and le charl. the show is set in the cheer bar (name for the toast "cheer") in boston, massachusett, where a group of local meet to drink, relax, chat and have fun.	the regular of the boston bar cheer share their experi and live with each other while drink or work at the bar where everybodi know your name.	
hang 'em high	crime,western,justic	when an innoc man bare surviv a lynch, he return as a lawman determin to bring the vigilant to justic.	hang 'em high is a 1968 american western film direct by ted post and produc and co-written by leonard freeman. it star clint eastwood as jed cooper, an innoc man who surviv a lynch, inger steven as a widow who help him, ed beglei as the leader of the gang that lynch him, and pat hingl as the judg who hire jed as a us marshal	when an innoc man bare surviv a lynch, he return as a lawman determin to bring the vigilant to justic.	
60 minut on cnbc	new,journal	-	60 minut is an american televis new program, which wa creat in 1968. the program wa creat by don hewitt who set it apart by us a uniqu style of report-center investig. in 2002, 60 minut wa rank no. 6 on tv guid's 50 greatest tv show of all time.	60 minut ha been on the air sinc 1968, begin on a tuesdai, but spend most of it time on sundai, where it remain todai. thi popular new magazin provid both hard hit investig, interview and featur, along with peopl in the new and current event. 60 minut ha set unpreced record in the nielsen's rate with a number 1 rate, five time, make it among the most success tv program in all of televis histori. thi seri ha won more emmi award than ani other new program and in 2003, don hewitt, the creator (back in 1968), wa award the lifetim achiev emmi, along with the 60 minut correspond. ad to the 11 peabodi award, thi phenomen long-live seri ha collect 78 award up to the 2005 season and remain among the viewer top choic for new magazin featur.	
crime inc.	crime, financ,journal	tv seri documentari	the busi of counterfeit good is the largest underground industri in the world. cnbc take you on raid with the lapd anticounterfeit unit, to inspect at port and to back-room factori where bogu good ar produc.	the busi of counterfeit good is the largest underground industri in the world. cnbc take you on raid with the lapd anticounterfeit unit, to inspect at port and to back-room factori where bogu good ar produc.	
cnn newsroom	financ, new	-	cnn newsroom is an american new program on cnn/us. broadcast throughout the week, newsroom featur live and tape new report, in addit to analysi from expert on the issu be cover, and headlin throughout each hour. the program tend to focu on softer new than their hard new primetim lineup. the program is the standard "brand" for gener roll-new program for the network, origin from their headquart in atlanta, georgia. it debut in septemb 2006 replac"cnn live todai," "live from," "cnn saturdai," "cnn saturdai night," "cnn sundai" and "cnn sundai night."  cnn newsroom air continu for seven hour start from 9:00am et until 4:00pm et on weekdai and sinc the start of septemb 2008, the program ha emploi a singl-present format on such dai. on weekend, it air at variou time with late-night edit.  in june of 2012, cnn introduc cnn newsroom intern. thi hour-long block of new focus on new across the globe. as of 2012, suzann malveaux host the hour-long program. the show is base from cnn's world headquart in atlanta.	broadcast throughout the week, newsroom featur live and tape new report, in addit to analysi from expert on the issu be cover, and headlin throughout each hour.	
pier morgan tonight	new,commentari	-	pier morgan tonight is a talk show on cnn, host by pier morgan. the show premier on januari 17, 2011 and fill the former larri king live timeslot. pier morgan tonight is record primarili in cnn's studio at the time warner center in new york citi.	cnn's provoc talk show with pier morgan air on cnn. the seri featur a varieti of popular guest each week.	
anderson cooper 360	new,commentari	a 360¡ look at the latest new by anderson cooper.	anderson cooper 360¡ (commonli shorten to either ac-360 or 360) is a televis new show on cnn, host by the american journalist anderson cooper. it is also broadcast around the world on cnn intern. 360¡ is broadcast live from cnn's time warner center studio in new york citi, air first from 8:00 pm et to 9:00 pm et, then replai from 10:00 pm et to 11 pm et. the program cover a number of new stori of the dai, usual through live or tape report from the network's correspond. the coverag can also includ analysi from expert on the issu, commonli featur in or after the tape report.	a 360¡ look at the latest new by anderson cooper.	
erin burnett outfront	new,commentari	-	erin burnett outfront is an hour-long televis new program host by erin burnett on cnn. the show premier on octob 3, 2011 in the 7pm and 11pm time slot to replac john king, usa. cnn hope burnett's expect popular will provid an "attract" open to an even of talk show and new analysi.	erin burnett outfront is an hour-long televis new program host by erin burnett on cnn.	
presidenti debat	new, commentari, polit	-	dure presidenti elect in the unit state, it ha becom customari for the main candid (almost alwai the candid of the two largest parti, current the democrat parti and the republican parti) to engag in a debat. the topic discuss in the debat ar often the most controversi issu of the time, and arguabl elect have been nearli decid by these debat (e.g., nixon vs. kennedi). while debat aren't constitution mandat, it is often consid a de facto elect process. the main target for these debat ar undecid voter; those who usual aren't partial to either polit ideolog or parti. presidenti debat ar held late in the elect cycl, after the polit parti have nomin their candid. the candid meet in a larg hall, often at a univers, befor an audienc of citizen. the format of the debat have vari, with question sometim pose from on or more journalist moder and in other case member of the audienc. between 1988 and 2000, the format have been govern in detail by secret memoranda of understand (mou) between the two major candid; an mou for 2004 wa also negoti, but unlik the earlier agreement it wa jointli releas by the two candid. debat ar broadcast live on televis and radio. the first debat for the 1960 elect drew over 66 million viewer out of a popul of 179 million, make it on of the most-watch broadcast in u.s. televis histori. the 1980 debat drew 80 million viewer out of a 226 million. by 2000, about 46 million viewer out of a popul of 280 million watch the first debat, with ten million fewer watch the subsequ debat that year. in 2004, 62.5 million peopl watch the first debat, while 43.6 million watch the vice-presidenti debat.	dure the presidenti elect in the unit state, the two main candid (almost alwai the candid of the two largest parti, current the democrat parti and the republican parti) engag in a debat.	
daniel tosh: happi thought	comedi,perform	-	daniel tosh: happi thought is a comedi album releas by comedian daniel tosh. the special origin air on comedi central. although origin air as a comedi central special,[1] the live record wa releas independ and is onli avail on dvd. daniel tosh: happi thought is the follow-up to tosh's dvd debut, daniel tosh: complet seriou.	daniel tosh perform in front of a live san francisco audienc in thi stand-up special for comedi central, and touch on topic rang from sport and pop cultur, to religion and polit.	
south park	anim, comedi,goofi,debaucheri,satir	follow the misadventur of four irrever grade-schooler in the quiet, dysfunct town of south park, colorado. anim	south park is an american anim sitcom creat by trei parker and matt stone for the comedi central televis network. intend for matur audienc, the show ha becom famou for it crude languag and dark, surreal humor that lampoon a wide rang of topic. the ongo narr revolv around four boiÑstan marsh, kyle broflovski, eric cartman and kenni mccormickÑand their bizarr adventur in and around the titular colorado town. parker and stone develop the show from two anim short thei creat in 1992 and 1995. the latter becam on of the first internet viral video, which ultim led to it product as a seri. south park debut in august 1997 with great success, consist earn the highest rate of ani basic cabl program. subsequ rate have vari but it remain on of comedi central's highest rate show. it is comedi central's longest run program.	south park is an american anim sitcom creat by trei parker and matt stone for the comedi central televis network. intend for matur audienc, the show ha becom famou for it crude languag and dark, surreal humor that lampoon a wide rang of topic.	
accept	comedi	-	accept is a 2006 american comedi film direct by steve pink and written by adam cooper, bill collag, and mark perez. the main plot center around a group of would-be colleg freshmen who, after be reject from all the colleg and univers to which thei had appli, proce to creat their own "colleg"	accept is a 2006 american comedi film direct by steve pink and written by adam cooper, bill collag, and mark perez. the main plot center around a group of would-be colleg freshmen who, after be reject from all the colleg and univers to which thei had appli, proce to creat their own "colleg".	
the colbert report	new, comedi, polit,satir	satirist new caster stephen colbert provid humor commentari on the big issu go on in the unit state and the rest of the world, with hi larger then life ego and overli patriot spirit along with him everi step of the wai.	the colbert report ( /ko_l_b__r r__p_r/ kohl-bair r_-por) is an american satir late night televis program that air mondai through thursdai on comedi central. it star polit humorist stephen colbert, a former correspond for the daili show with jon stewart. the colbert report is a spin-off from and counterpart to the daili show that comment on polit and the media in a similar wai. it satir conserv person-driven polit pundit program, particularli fox new' the o'reilli factor.[1][2] the show focus on a fiction anchorman charact name stephen colbert, plai by hi real-life namesak. the charact, describ by colbert as a "well-intent, poorli inform, high-statu idiot", is a caricatur of televis polit pundit.	tune in to the colbert report, as stephen colbert give hi own take on the issu of the dai, and more importantli, to tell you why everyon els's take is just plain wrong. the seri is a varieti/new show revolv around colbert's tv persona, a parodi of opinion cabl new person like bill o'reilli, sean hanniti, and joe scarborough.	
the daili show with jon stewart	new, comedi, polit,satir	comedi new talk-show	the daili show with jon stewart (call the daili show until 1999), is an american late night satir televis program air each mondai through thursdai on comedi central and, in canada, the comedi network. the half-hour long show premier on juli 21, 1996, and wa host by craig kilborn until decemb 1998. jon stewart took over as host in januari 1999, make the show more strongli focus on polit and the nation media.	forget try to keep pace with 24 hour new network- the best fake new show in the world will provid you with all the new you can handl. the daili show is a comed view of recent new headlin and polit figur through a seri of satir monologu by jon stewart along with segment by correspond and final interview with guest celebr and polit figur.	
futurama	anim, comedi,satir,goofi,futurist,sci-fi,alien,postapocalypt	fry, a pizza gui is accident frozen in 1999 and thaw out new year's ev 2999.   anim comedi sci-fi	futurama is an american anim scienc fiction sitcom creat by matt groen and develop by groen and david x. cohen for the fox broadcast compani. the seri follow the adventur of a late-20th-centuri new york citi pizza deliveri boi, philip j. fry, who, after be unwittingli cryogen frozen for on thousand year, find employ at planet express, an interplanetari deliveri compani in the retro-futurist 31st centuri. the seri wa envis by groen in the late 1990s while work on the simpson, later bring cohen aboard to develop storylin and charact to pitch the show to fox.	futurama is an american anim scienc fiction sitcom creat by matt groen and develop by groen and david x. cohen for the fox broadcast compani. the seri follow the adventur of a late 20th-centuri new york citi pizza deliveri boi, philip j. fry, who, after be unwittingli cryogen frozen for on thousand year, find employ at planet express, an interplanetari deliveri compani in the retro-futurist 31st centuri. the seri wa envis by groen in the 1990s while work on the simpson, later bring cohen aboard to develop storylin and charact to pitch the show to fox.	
workahol	comedi, sitcom	comedi	workahol is a televis sitcom that premier on comedi central on april 6, 2011. the seri is in it third season, and is predominantli written by it star blake anderson, adam devin, ander holm and kyle newacheck who plai three recent colleg dropout and a drug dealer, roommat, and co-worker at telamericorp, a telemarket compani, live in rancho cucamonga, california. kevin etten is the seri' showrunn.  the three main charact, blake, adam, and ander, were roommat in colleg, and continu to plai game as thei transit into adulthood. the show's action is gener confin to the main charact' hous and their workplac, a cubicl the three of them share at a telemarket compani call telamericorp.	star blake anderson, adam devin, ander holm and kyle newacheck who plai three recent colleg dropout and a drug dealer, roommat, and co-worker at telamericorp, a telemarket compani, live in rancho cucamonga, california. kevin etten is the seri' showrunn.  the three main charact, blake, adam, and ander, were roommat in colleg, and continu to plai game as thei transit into adulthood.	
tosh.0	comedi,gossip,celebr,bizarr	daniel tosh provid humor commentari on content from the internet.	tosh.0 tosh point oh is an american televis seri host by comedian daniel tosh, who provid commentari on onlin video clip, societi, celebr, and other part of popular cultur and stereotyp.	tosh.0 - pronounc: "tosh point oh" is an american televis seri host by comedian daniel tosh, who provid commentari on onlin video clip, societi, celebr, and other part of popular cultur and stereotyp.	
chappel's show	comedi,satir,goofi,debaucheri,sketch	comedian dave chappel host thi sketch-comedi show that parodi mani of the nuanc of race and cultur.	chappel's show is an american sketch comedi televis seri creat by comedian dave chappel and neal brennan, with chappel host the show as well as star in variou skit. chappel, brennan and michel armour were the show's execut produc. the seri premier on januari 22, 2003 on the american cabl televis network comedi central. the show ran for two complet season and a third, truncat season (dub "the lost episod").	comedian dave chappel host thi sketch-comedi show that parodi mani of the nuanc of race and cultur.	
kei & peel	comedi,sketch,goofi	project see keegan-michael kei and jordan peel in front of a live studio audienc banter about a topic weav between film short and sketch.	kei & peel is an american sketch comedi televis show.[6] it star keegan-michael kei and jordan peel, both former cast member of madtv.[7] each episod of the show consist of sever pre-tape short comed film star the two actor that ar introduc by kei and peel in front of a live studio audienc	keegan-michael kei and jordan peel present "kei & peel," an origin sketch-comedi show come to comedi central in 2012. in thi new seri these fresh, relev comed actor-writer, us to be on the outsid look in, will examin life in a provoc and irrever wai, through a combin of film sketch and live stage segment. whether it's satir the presid, spoof nazi, or order up some soul food, "kei & peel" will showcas their chemistri, camaraderi and uniqu point of view, born from their share background and experi grow up biraci in a not quit post-racial world.	
get him to the greek	comedi, adventur,bizarr,debaucheri	a record compani intern is hire to accompani out-of-control british rock star aldou snow to a concert at l.a.'s greek theater.	get him to the greek is a 2010 american comedi film written, produc, and direct by nichola stoller and star jonah hill and russel brand. the film wa releas on june 4, 2010. get him to the greek is a spin-off sequel of stoller's 2008 film forget sarah marshal.	a record compani intern is hire to accompani out-of-control british rock star aldou snow to a concert at l.a.'s greek theater.	
sportscent	sport, new,commentari	a, usual hour-long, sport show featur all the dai major sport new and score. sportscent featur mani segment of it's own while also take snippet from other espn show such as 'pardon the interupt', colleg gamedai, nfl primetim, and nba fastbreak. the show also featur a top 10 list. as of 2005 mondai through fridai ar the top plai of the dai. saturdai show the "not top 10" and sundai ha chri berman's plai of the week.	sportscent is a daili sport new televis show, and the flagship program of american cabl network espn sinc the network launch on septemb 6, 1979. origin broadcast onli daili, sportscent is now shown up to twelv time a dai, replai the dai's score and highlight from major sport event, along with commentari, preview and featur stori	a, usual hour-long, sport show featur all the dai major sport new and score. sportscent featur mani segment of it's own while also take snippet from other espn show such as 'pardon the interupt', colleg gamedai, nfl primetim, and nba fastbreak. the show also featur a top 10 list. as of 2005 mondai through fridai ar the top plai of the dai. saturdai show the "not top 10" and sundai ha chri berman's plai of the week.	
2012 world seri of poker	realiti, competit,card	-	the 2012 world seri of poker is the 43rd annual world seri of poker (wsop). it is current be held at the rio all suit hotel and casino in paradis, nevada between mai 27-juli 16, 2012. there will be 61 bracelet event, culmin in the $10,000 no limit hold'em main event begin on juli 7. from 2008 through 2011, main event final tabl were delai until novemb. howev, due to the 2012 u.s. presidenti elect, thi year's final tabl will be delai until octob 28, with head-up plai commenc two dai later.	the 2012 world seri of poker is the 43rd annual world seri of poker (wsop). it is current be held at the rio all suit hotel and casino in paradis, nevada. there will be 61 bracelet event, culmin in the $10,000 no limit hold'em main event.	
basebal tonight	sport, new,basebal,commentari	-	basebal tonight is a program that air on espn. the show recapitul the dai's major leagu basebal action.  mlb profession basebal.	basebal tonight is a program that air on espn. the show recapitul the dai's major leagu basebal action.	
colleg footbal live	sport,footbal	colleg univers footbal	colleg footbal live is a show that air weekdai on espn or espn2. rece davi is the lead host, but it also featur espn colleg footbal analyst kirk herbstreit, jess palmer, trevor matich, andr ware, and other. colleg footbal live also featur live interview with colleg coach and player.	colleg footbal live is a show that air weekdai on espn or espn2. rece davi is the lead host, but it also featur espn colleg footbal analyst kirk herbstreit, jess palmer, trevor matich, andr ware, and other. colleg footbal live also featur live interview with colleg coach and player.	
colleg footbal	sport,footbal	colleg univers footbal	colleg footbal is american footbal plai by team of student athlet field by american univers, colleg, and militari academi.	colleg footbal air live between major univers.	
colleg footbal scoreboard	sport,footbal	colleg univers footbal	colleg footbal is american footbal plai by team of student athlet field by american univers, colleg, and militari academi.	colleg footbal air live between major univers.	
rumbl fish	drama, crime, suspens, action	rusti jame, an absent-mind street thug struggl to live up to hi legendari older brother's reput, and long for the dai when gang warfar wa go on	rumbl fish is a 1983 drama film direct by franci ford coppola. it is base on the novel rumbl fish by s.e. hinton, who also co-wrote the screenplai.  the film center on the relationship between motorcycl boi (mickei rourk), a rever former gang leader wish to live a more peac life, and hi younger brother, rusti jame (matt dillon), a teenag hoodlum who aspir to becom as fear as motorcycl boi. the film's market taglin wa, "rusti jame can't live up to hi brother's reput. hi brother can't live it down."	rusti jame, an absent-mind street thug struggl to live up to hi legendari older brother's reput, and long for the dai when gang warfar wa go on.	
manderlai	drama, romanc	-	manderlai is a 2005 danish drama film written and direct by lar von trier and the sequel to the film dogvil. it is the second part of von trier's project usa Ð land of opportun trilogi. it star bryce dalla howard, who replac nicol kidman in the role of grace mulligan. the film co-star willem dafo, replac jame caan. lauren bacal and chlo‘ sevigni return portrai differ charact from those in dogvil.	manderlai is a 2005 danish drama film written and direct by lar von trier and the sequel to the film dogvil. it is the second part of von trier's project usa Ð land of opportun trilogi. it star bryce dalla howard, who replac nicol kidman in the role of grace mulligan. the film co-star willem dafo, replac jame caan. lauren bacal and chlo‘ sevigni return portrai differ charact from those in dogvil.	
freddi's dead: the final nightmar	horror, suspens,villain,monster,ghost,bizarr	freddi krueger return onc again to haunt both the dream of hi daughter and springwood's last surviv teenag	freddi's dead: the final nightmar is a 1991 american slasher comedi horror film. it is the sixth Ð and as the titl suggest, intend to be the last Ð film in the seri of film featur freddi krueger. howev, the success of the film prevent the seri from end (much like fridai the 13th part four and nine). anoth film, we craven's new nightmar, wa produc follow thi film. thi wa new line cinema's first film releas in 3-d.	freddi's dead: the final nightmar is a 1991 american slasher comedi horror film. it is the sixth Ð and as the titl suggest, intend to be the last Ð film in the seri of film featur freddi krueger. howev, the success of the film prevent the seri from end (much like fridai the 13th part four and nine). anoth film, we craven's new nightmar, wa produc follow thi film. thi wa new line cinema's first film releas in 3-d.	
the doom gener	suspens, adventur, crime, drama,insan,violenc	jordan white and ami blue, two troubl teen, pick up an adolesc drifter, xavier red. togeth, the threesom embark on a sex and violenc-fill journei through an america of psycho and quickiemart	teenag lover jordan white (duval) and ami blue (mcgowan) pick up a handsom drifter name xavier red (schaech) while drive home from a club. jordan give xavier the nicknam "x". a late-night stop at a conveni store leav the three on the run when x accident kill the store's owner (dustin nguyen). the trio hide in a motel to avoid arrest. while jordan and ami have sex in the bath tub, x learn from the local televis new program that the store owner's wife (margaret cho) disembowel her children with a machet befor commit suicid, thu, he conclud, remov ani possibl of the trio be caught by the polic.	jordan white and ami blue, two troubl teen, pick up an adolesc drifter, xavier red. togeth, the threesom embark on a sex and violenc-fill journei through an america of psycho and quickiemart.	
daddi and them	crime, action, suspens, comedi	dark comedi where a marri coupl come to the aid of a jail uncl	rubi and claud montgomeri ar a veri insecur and jealou coupl, who must help when claud's uncl hazel is jail for attempt murder. an arkansan famili reunit as thei travel with rubi's older sister rose, with whom claud had a previou relationship, and rubi and rose's mother jewel, who continu talk about rose and claud's past relationship, which irrit rubi	dark comedi where a marri coupl come to the aid of a jail uncl.	
talk radio	drama, suspens	a rude, contemptu talk show host becom overwhelm by the hatr that surround hi program just befor it goe nation.	-	a rude, contemptu talk show host becom overwhelm by the hatr that surround hi program just befor it goe nation.	
windtalk	action, war,drama,spy,histor	two u.s. marin in wwii ar assign to protect navajo marin who us their nativ languag as an unbreak radio cypher.	windtalk is a 2002 action war film direct by john woo. nicola cage and christian slater star as two us marin sergeant assign to protect navajo code talker (adam beach and roger willi) in saipan dure world war ii.	two u.s. marin in wwii ar assign to protect navajo marin who us their nativ languag as an unbreak radio cypher.	
reservoir dog	mysteri, crime, suspens, action,crimin	after a simpl jeweleri heist goe terribl wrong, the surviv crimin begin to suspect that on of them is a polic inform.	reservoir dog is a 1992 crime film mark the debut of director and writer quentin tarantino. it depict the event befor and after a botch diamond heist, but not the heist itself. reservoir dog star an ensembl cast: harvei keitel, steve buscemi, tim roth, michael madsen, chri penn, and lawrenc tiernei. tarantino ha a minor role, as doe crimin-turn-author eddi bunker. it incorpor mani theme that have becom tarantino's hallmark: violent crime, pop cultur refer, profus profan, and a nonlinear storylin.	after a simpl jeweleri heist goe terribl wrong, the surviv crimin begin to suspect that on of them is a polic inform.	
heavenli creatur	crime, mysteri, documentari,crimin,justic,reveng	two girl have an intens fantasi life; their parent, concern the fantasi is too intens, separ them, and the girl take reveng	heavenli creatur is a 1994 new zealand film direct by peter jackson, from a screenplai he co-wrote with hi wife, fran walsh, about the notori 1954 parkerÐhulm murder case in christchurch, new zealand. the film featur melani lynskei and kate winslet in their screen debut. the main premis deal with the obsess relationship between two teenag girl, paulin parker and juliet hulm, who murder parker's mother. the event of the film cover the period from the girl' meet in 1953 to the murder on year later.	heavenli creatur is a 1994 new zealand film direct by peter jackson, from a screenplai he co-wrote with hi wife, fran walsh, about the notori 1954 parkerÐhulm murder case in christchurch, new zealand. the film featur melani lynskei and kate winslet in their screen debut. the main premis deal with the obsess relationship between two teenag girl, paulin parker and juliet hulm, who murder parker's mother. the event of the film cover the period from the girl' meet in 1953 to the murder on year later.	
boardwalk empir	documentari, crime,polit	chronicl the life and time of nucki thompson, the undisput ruler of atlant citi, who wa equal part politician and gangster	boardwalk empir is an american televis seri from cabl network hbo, set in atlant citi, new jersei dure the prohibit era. it star steve buscemi as nucki thompson. the show wa adapt by emmi award-win screenwrit and produc terenc winter (of the soprano[2]) from a book about histor crimin kingpin enoch l. johnson by nelson johnson, titl boardwalk empir: the birth, high time, and corrupt of atlant citi	chronicl the life and time of nucki thompson, the undisput ruler of atlant citi, who wa equal part politician and gangster.	
box	sport,box,fight	box fight twelv round bout ring fighter	profession bout ar usual much longer than amateur bout, typic rang from ten to twelv round, though four round fight ar common for less experienc fighter or club fighter. there ar also some two-[13] and three-round profession bout,[14] especi in australia. through the earli twentieth centuri, it wa common for fight to have unlimit round, end onli when on fighter quit, benefit high-energi fighter like jack dempsei. fifteen round remain the internation recogn limit for championship fight for most of the twentieth centuri until the earli 1980s, when the death of boxer duk koo kim eventu prompt the world box council and other organ sanction profession box to reduc the limit to twelv round.	variou box fight from throughout the u.s.	
unstopp	action, suspens	with an unman, half-mile-long freight train barrel toward a citi, a veteran engin and a young conductor race against the clock to prevent a catastroph.	unstopp is a 2010 american action thriller film direct by toni scott as hi final film, written by mark bomback, and star denzel washington and chri pine. the film, loos base on the real-life csx 8888 incid, tell the stori of a runawai freight train, and the two men (washington and pine) who attempt to stop it.	with an unman, half-mile-long freight train barrel toward a citi, a veteran engin and a young conductor race against the clock to prevent a catastroph.	
real time with bill maher	comedi, new, polit,satir	-	real time with bill maher is a talk show that air weekli on hbo, host by comedian and polit satirist bill maher. much like hi previou show, polit incorrect on abc (and befor that, on comedi central), real time featur a panel of guest that discuss current event in polit and the media. unlik the previou show, howev, guest ar usual more well-vers in the subject matter: more expert such as journalist, professor and politician particip in the panel, and there ar fewer actor and celebr includ in it	real time with bill maher is a talk show that air weekli on hbo, host by comedian and polit satirist bill maher. much like hi previou show, polit incorrect on abc (and befor that, on comedi central), real time featur a panel of guest that discuss current event in polit and the media. unlik the previou show, howev, guest ar usual more well-vers in the subject matter: more expert such as journalist, professor and politician particip in the panel, and there ar fewer actor and celebr includ in it.	
cathous: three ring circu	documentari, realiti,sex	-	cathous: the seri is an hbo televis seri that document the profession live of the worker at the moonlit bunnyranch, a legal brothel in nevada.	cathous: the seri is an hbo televis seri that document the profession live of the worker at the moonlit bunnyranch, a legal brothel in nevada.	
x-men: first class	fantasi, action,heroic,villain	in 1962, the unit state govern enlist the help of mutant with superhuman abil to stop a malici dictat who is determin to start world war iii.	x-men: first class is a 2011 american superhero film, base on the x-men charact appear in marvel comic. the fifth instal in the x-men seri, the film wa direct by matthew vaughn and produc by bryan singer, and act as a prequel to the origin x-men trilogi. the stori is set primarili in 1962 dure the cuban missil crisi, and focus on the relationship between charl xavier (professor x) and erik lensherr (magneto), and the origin of their groupÑthe x-men and the brotherhood of mutant, respect	x-men: first class is a 2011 american superhero film, base on the x-men charact appear in marvel comic. the fifth instal in the x-men seri, the film wa direct by matthew vaughn and produc by bryan singer, and act as a prequel to the origin x-men trilogi. the stori is set primarili in 1962 dure the cuban missil crisi, and focus on the relationship between charl xavier (professor x) and erik lensherr (magneto), and the origin of their groupÑthe x-men and the brotherhood of mutant, respect.	
the sitter	comedi, famili, goofi	a colleg student on suspens is coax into babysit the kid next door, though he is fulli unprepar for the wild night ahead of him.	the sitter is a 2011 comedi film direct by david gordon green and produc by michael de luca. the film tell the stori about a male student who, after be suspend from colleg, is lure into a babysit gig for which he is woefulli unprepar	the sitter is a 2011 comedi film direct by david gordon green and produc by michael de luca. the film tell the stori about a male student who, after be suspend from colleg, is lure into a babysit gig for which he is woefulli unprepar.	
cowboi & alien	fantasi, action, adventur,sci-fi,heroic,futurist	a spaceship arriv in arizona, 1873, to take over the earth, start with the wild west region. a poss of cowboi and nativ ar all that stand in their wai.	cowboi & alien is a 2011 american scienc fiction western film direct by jon favreau and star daniel craig, harrison ford, and olivia wild. the film is base on the 2006 graphic novel of the same name creat by scott mitchel rosenberg. the main plot revolv around an amnesiac outlaw (craig), a wealthi cattleman (ford), and a mysteri travel (wild) who must alli to save a group of townspeopl abduct by alien	cowboi & alien is a 2011 american scienc fiction western film direct by jon favreau and star daniel craig, harrison ford, and olivia wild. the film is base on the 2006 graphic novel of the same name creat by scott mitchel rosenberg. the main plot revolv around an amnesiac outlaw (craig), a wealthi cattleman (ford), and a mysteri travel (wild) who must alli to save a group of townspeopl abduct by alien.	
after the game	crime, mysteri,gambl,reveng	-	after the game is a crime fiction murder mysteri with a theme of "after the game of poker" and "after the game of life." it deal with reveng, deceit, lust and greed, and explor karma and the afterlif. ag gambler benni walsh (plai by gorshin) di in a suspici car crash after the biggest poker win of hi life. hi son, clyde (plai by dubac), come to the nevada town in search of answer. he discov that each of hi father's gambl buddi had ampl reason to see him dead.	after the game is a crime fiction murder mysteri with a theme of "after the game of poker" and "after the game of life." it deal with reveng, deceit, lust and greed, and explor karma and the afterlif. ag gambler benni walsh (plai by gorshin) di in a suspici car crash after the biggest poker win of hi life. hi son, clyde (plai by dubac), come to the nevada town in search of answer. he discov that each of hi father's gambl buddi had ampl reason to see him dead.	
onc upon a time	fantasi, mysteri, suspens,surreal	center on a woman with a troubl past who is drawn into a small town in main where the magic and mysteri of fairi tale just mai be real.	onc upon a time is an american fantasi-drama televis seri creat by lost and tron: legaci writer edward kitsi and adam horowitz,[2] that premier on sundai octob 23, 2011, on abc. the show air sundai night at 8:00 pm et/7:00 pm ct.[3] on novemb 3, 2011, abc order the back nine episod for onc upon a time, bring the first season to a total of 22 episod.[4] on mai 10, 2012, abc renew the show for a second season.	center on a woman with a troubl past who is drawn into a small town in main where the magic and mysteri of fairi tale just mai be real.	
reveng	drama, suspens,reveng	center on a young woman who is welcom into a commun fill with peopl who don't know she's onli there to exact reveng on those who had destroi her famili.	reveng is an american televis drama seri that air on abc star madelein stow and emili vancamp. it debut on septemb 21, 2011, and air on wednesdai night at 10:00 pm eastern/9:00 pm central.	center on a young woman who is welcom into a commun fill with peopl who don't know she's onli there to exact reveng on those who had destroi her famili. emili thorn rent a hous in the hampton for the summer, seemingli intent on noth more than enjoi a break in the popular resort. but it soon becom clear that there's more to her visit. her real name is amanda clark and her father wa frame for a crime he didn't commit and sent to prison for life and she ha come to the hampton to seek reveng against the peopl who betrai him and saw him sent to jail.	
jeopardi!	game show,competit	a quiz show with a twist: contest ar provid with the answer. but what ar the right question?	jeopardi! is an american televis quiz show creat by merv griffin in 1964. like most program of it genr, it featur trivia in a wide varieti of topic, includ histori, languag, literatur, the art, the scienc, popular cultur, geographi, and wordplai; howev, unlik them, it ha a uniqu answer-and-question format in which contest ar present with clue in the form of answer, and must phrase their respons in question form	a quiz show with a twist: contest ar provid with the answer. but what ar the right question?	
wheel of fortun	game show,competit	pat sajak host thi game show, where contest guess letter in mysteri word and phrase. thei win prize base on result of spin a wheel and guess correctli to solv the mysteri. vanna white star as the 'letter-turner.	wheel of fortun is an american televis game show creat by merv griffin. contest compet to solv word puzzl, similar to those us in hangman, to win cash and prize determin by spin a giant carniv wheel. the show origin air from 1975 to 1991 as a network daytim program; the current nighttim syndic version premier on septemb 19, 1983	pat sajak host thi game show, where contest guess letter in mysteri word and phrase. thei win prize base on result of spin a wheel and guess correctli to solv the mysteri. vanna white star as the 'letter-turner.	
danc with the star: all-star	danc, music, competit,realiti,celebr	realiti danc show	the show pair a number of celebr with profession ballroom dancer, who each week compet by perform on or more danc. the dancer ar then score by a panel of judg. viewer ar given a certain amount of time to place vote for their favorit dancer, either by telephon or (in some countri) onlin. the coupl with the lowest combin score provid by the judg and viewer is elimin. thi process continu until there ar onli two or three coupl left; when thei have compet for the last time on coupl is declar the champion	danc with the star is a uniqu seri that pair up celebr with profession ballroom danc partner in an intens competit -- live -- in front of a studio audienc and the nation. each season ha a select number of celebr/profession danc pair. the pair ar then judg by a panel of expert judg as well as by the viewer at home. on team will be elimin each week. the coupl must maintain their focu, grace and composur while learn precis movement and maneuv in extravag costum. will thei remain compat dure the cours of the competit? danc with the star ha broad appeal, offer viewer dazzl costum, danc, celebr gossip, behind-the-scene train and contemporari music perform by a live 15-piec band.	
the middl	comedi, sitcom,famili,goofi	the daili mishap of a marri woman and her semi-dysfunct famili and their attempt to surviv life in gener in the citi of orson, indiana.	the middl is an american sitcom televis seri, air on abc sinc septemb 30, 2009.[1] the seri featur franc "franki" heck (patricia heaton), a work-class, midwestern woman and her husband mike heck (neil flynn), who resid in the small fiction town of orson, indiana. thei ar the parent of three children, axl (charli mcdermott), sue (eden sher), and brick (atticu shaffer).[2] the seri wa pick up for a full season of 24 episod after air just two episod	the middl is an american sitcom televis seri featur franc "franki" heck (patricia heaton), a work-class, midwestern woman and her husband mike heck (neil flynn), who resid in the small fiction town of orson, indiana. 	
the neighbor	paranorm, sci-fi,alien	a new jersei famili move to an affluent gate commun compos entir of extraterrestri and alien.	the seri, set in new jersei, revolv around a famili that ha reloc to a gate townhous commun call "hidden hill". upon their arriv, thei discov that the entir commun is popul by resid from anoth planet. these alien have adopt as their own, the name of sport celebr, receiv nourish through their ey and mind by read book rather than eat, and cry out green goo from their ear. thei have been stuck on earth for 10 year, still await instruct to return home	the seri, set in new jersei, revolv around a famili that ha reloc to a gate townhous commun call "hidden hill". upon their arriv, thei discov that the entir commun is popul by resid from anoth planet. these alien have adopt as their own, the name of sport celebr, receiv nourish through their ey and mind by read book rather than eat, and cry out green goo from their ear. thei have been stuck on earth for 10 year, still await instruct to return home.	
last resort	war, drama, adventur	500 feet beneath the ocean's surfac, the u.s. ballist missil submarin colorado receiv their order. over a radio channel, design onli to be us if their homeland ha been wipe out, thei're told to fire nuclear weapon at pakistan. captain marcu chaplin (andr braugher) demand confirm of the order onli to be unceremoni reliev of duti by the white hous. xo sam kendal (scott speedman) find himself suddenli in charg of the submarin and face the same difficult decis. when he also refus to fire without confirm of the order, the colorado is target, fire upon, and hit. the submarin and it crew find themselv crippl on the ocean floor, declar rogu enemi of their own countri. now, with nowher left to turn, chaplin and kendal take the sub on the run and bring the men and women of the colorado to an exot island. here thei will find refug, romanc, and a chanc at a new life, even as thei try to clear their name and get home. from execut produc/writer shawn ryan.	the show is about the renegad crew of a unit state navi ohio-class ballist missil submarin, the fiction uss colorado (ssbn-753), that receiv an order to launch nuclear missil at pakistan. when captain marcu chaplin (andr braugher) ask for confirm, he is reliev of command. hi second in command, lt. command sam kendal (scott speedman), also question the order and the vessel is fire upon by the uss illinoi and two nuclear strike ar also made on pakistan. realiz that thei have been declar enemi of their own countri, thei seek refug on the island of saint marina (a fiction french island locat in the indian ocean), command a nato commun facil, and declar a 200 mile exclus zone around the island. when bomber ar sent to attack the submarin and island, captain chaplin launch a nuclear missil toward the usa to impress upon them that he is seriou. now the crew must find a wai to prove their innoc and find out who set them up so that thei can return home	500 feet beneath the ocean's surfac, the u.s. ballist missil submarin colorado receiv their order. over a radio channel, design onli to be us if their homeland ha been wipe out, thei're told to fire nuclear weapon at pakistan. captain marcu chaplin (andr braugher) demand confirm of the order onli to be unceremoni reliev of duti by the white hous. xo sam kendal (scott speedman) find himself suddenli in charg of the submarin and face the same difficult decis. when he also refus to fire without confirm of the order, the colorado is target, fire upon, and hit. the submarin and it crew find themselv crippl on the ocean floor, declar rogu enemi of their own countri. now, with nowher left to turn, chaplin and kendal take the sub on the run and bring the men and women of the colorado to an exot island. here thei will find refug, romanc, and a chanc at a new life, even as thei try to clear their name and get home. from execut produc/writer shawn ryan.	
grei's anatomi	medic, drama,health	a drama center on the person and profession live of five surgic medic hospit intern and their supervisor	grei's anatomi is an american televis medic drama that premier on abc. the seri ha air eight season, and focus on the fiction live of surgic hospit intern and resid, as thei gradual evolv into season doctor, while try to maintain person live. main charact is dr. meredith grei (ellen pompeo), who origin is accept into the resid program at the fiction seattl grace hospit. meredith is assign to work under dr. miranda bailei (chandra wilson), along with dr. cristina yang (sandra oh), dr. georg o'mallei (t. r. knight), dr. izzi steven (katherin heigl), and dr. alex karev (justin chamber). follow o'mallei's death and steven' departur, thei ar replac by dr. jackson averi (jess william) and dr. april kepner (sarah drew), in the sixth season. the surgic wing is primit supervis by dr. richard webber (jame picken, jr.), who is eventu replac by dr. derek shepherd (patrick dempsei), and later dr. owen hunt (kevin mckidd).	a drama center on the person and profession live of five surgic intern and their supervisor.	
shark tank	financ, realiti, competit	shark tank follow aspir entrepreneur as thei present variou busi idea to mogul (known as "the shark") in hope of land an invest in their idea. each week, ambiti entrepreneur present their breakthrough busi concept to ruthless investor to convinc them to invest in the concept	the show includ a panel of potenti investor. two of the panel member, robert herjavec and kevin o'leari, have also appear on the canadian show, dragon' den. other past and present member of the panel includ: barbara corcoran, [3] daymond john, kevin harrington, dalla maverick owner mark cuban, comedian jeff foxworthi and lori greiner	shark tank follow aspir entrepreneur as thei present variou busi idea to mogul (known as "the shark") in hope of land an invest in their idea. each week, ambiti entrepreneur present their breakthrough busi concept to ruthless investor to convinc them to invest in the concept.	
primetim: what would you do?	documentari,ethic,spy	-	the show is about set up everydai scenario that reflect on how peopl react, why thei react, and what thei decid to. scenario stage ar usual injustic or illeg activ; thing you do not experi in everydai life. actor and prop ar us, as well as hidden camera to view the action	what would you do? hidden camera captur how peopl react when thei're thrust in real-life ethic scenario that call out for action. will thei step in or mind their own busi?	
law & order: special victim unit	crime,mysteri,justic,violenc,polic	thi show introduc the special victim unit, a new elit squad of nypd detect who investig sexual relat crime.	law & order: special victim unit origin center almost exclus around the detect of the special victim unit in a fiction version of the 16th precinct of the new york citi polic depart. as the seri progress, addit support charact were ad as alli of the detect in the manhattan district attornei's offic and the medic examin's offic. typic episod follow the detect and their colleagu as thei investig and prosecut sexual base offens	thi hard-hit and emot companion seri from nbc's law & order franchis chronicl the life and crime of the elit special victim unit of the new york polic depart. law & order: special victim unit wa creat by emmi award-win produc dick wolf. svu celebr it 200th episod in april 2008. the drama follow det. elliot stabler, a season veteran of the unit who ha seen it all, and hi partner, olivia benson, whose difficult past is the reason she join the unit.	
nbc bai area new	new	-	get local bai area new plu bai area break new, busi, green, nation , and world new from nbc bai area	get local bai area new plu bai area break new, busi, green, nation , and world new from nbc bai area.	
extra	new,gossip,celebr	extra, a televis new updat show on current event in the mass-entertain busi such as movi, tv, music, etc. with host mario lopez.	extra is an american entertain televis new program cover event and celebr	extra is an american entertain televis new program cover event and celebr.	
access hollywood	new,gossip,celebr	celebr inform, hollywood gossip, and other new from the world of entertain	access hollywood is a weekdai televis entertain new program cover event and celebr in the entertain industri	access hollywood is a weekdai televis entertain new program cover event and celebr in the entertain industri.	
the voic	music, competit,realiti,celebr	"the voic" is a vocal competit seri model after holland's top-rate vocal talent discoveri show, "the voic of holland." host by carson dali, the show featur four musician coach: christina aguilera, cee lo green, adam levin and blake shelton, who will coach onli the most talent vocalist. the show's innov format featur three stage of competit: the first begin with the blind audit, then the competit enter into a battl phase, and final, the live perform. the show's cast team is work with the music industri and search the countri for the best singer to bring to the blind audit process. dure the blind audit, the decis from the coach ar base sole on voic and not on look. the coach hear the contest perform, but thei don't get to see them - thank to rotat chair.	the voic is a vocal competit seri model after holland's top-rate vocal talent discoveri show, "the voic of holland." host by carson dali, the show featur four musician coach: christina aguilera, cee lo green, adam levin and blake shelton, who will coach onli the most talent vocalist. the show's innov format featur three stage of competit: the first begin with the blind audit, then the competit enter into a battl phase, and final, the live perform. the show's cast team is work with the music industri and search the countri for the best singer to bring to the blind audit process. dure the blind audit, the decis from the coach ar base sole on voic and not on look. the coach hear the contest perform, but thei don't get to see them - thank to rotat chair.	the voic is a vocal competit seri model after holland's top-rate vocal talent discoveri show, "the voic of holland." host by carson dali, the show featur four musician coach: christina aguilera, cee lo green, adam levin and blake shelton, who will coach onli the most talent vocalist. the show's innov format featur three stage of competit: the first begin with the blind audit, then the competit enter into a battl phase, and final, the live perform. the show's cast team is work with the music industri and search the countri for the best singer to bring to the blind audit process. dure the blind audit, the decis from the coach ar base sole on voic and not on look. the coach hear the contest perform, but thei don't get to see them - thank to rotat chair.	
go on	comedi,goofi,therapi	an irrever yet charm sportscast who, after a loss, find solac from member of hi mandatori group therapi session.	matthew perri star as ryan king, a recent widow and sport talk radio host readi to get back to work after the loss of hi wife. ryan's alpha-male boss, stephen, plai by john cho, ha a differ plan in store for ryan, make him attend grief counsel befor return to the air. a reluct ryan find himself in a support group for "life chang," where he meet an oddbal cast of charact, all with their own backstori fill with vari degre of loss. on hi veri first visit, ryan convinc the group to deviat from their normal session and start a tournament-style competit (march sad!) to find out whose stori is the worst. ryan's total lack of interest in "the heal process" prove distract and he soon butt head with the by-the-book group leader, lauren, plai by toni award-winner laura benanti. back at work, ryan is confront with the fact that he hasn't realli process hi grief and realiz lauren and the other member of the group might be kei in help him move on.	matthew perri star as ryan king, a recent widow and sport talk radio host readi to get back to work after the loss of hi wife. ryan's alpha-male boss, stephen, plai by john cho, ha a differ plan in store for ryan, make him attend grief counsel befor return to the air. a reluct ryan find himself in a support group for "life chang," where he meet an oddbal cast of charact, all with their own backstori fill with vari degre of loss. on hi veri first visit, ryan convinc the group to deviat from their normal session and start a tournament-style competit (march sad!) to find out whose stori is the worst. ryan's total lack of interest in "the heal process" prove distract and he soon butt head with the by-the-book group leader, lauren, plai by toni award-winner laura benanti. back at work, ryan is confront with the fact that he hasn't realli process hi grief and realiz lauren and the other member of the group might be kei in help him move on.	
the new normal	comedi,famili	a singl mother's life as she becom a surrog for a gai coupl.	these dai, famili come in all form - singl dad, doubl mom, sperm donor, egg donor, on-night-stand donor... it's 2012 and anyth goe. bryan and david ar a beverli hill coupl and thei have it all. well, almost. with success career and a commit and love partnership, the on thing miss is a babi. and just when thei think the star will never align, enter goldi, an extraordinari young woman with a checker past. a midwestern waitress and singl mother look to escap her dead-end life and small-mind grandmoth, goldi decid to chang everyth and move to l.a. with her precoci eight-year-old daughter. desper and broke - but also fertil - goldi quickli becom the gui' surrog and quit possibl the girl of their dream. surrog mother, surrog famili	these dai, famili come in all form - singl dad, doubl mom, sperm donor, egg donor, on-night-stand donor... it's 2012 and anyth goe. bryan and david ar a beverli hill coupl and thei have it all. well, almost. with success career and a commit and love partnership, the on thing miss is a babi. and just when thei think the star will never align, enter goldi, an extraordinari young woman with a checker past. a midwestern waitress and singl mother look to escap her dead-end life and small-mind grandmoth, goldi decid to chang everyth and move to l.a. with her precoci eight-year-old daughter. desper and broke - but also fertil - goldi quickli becom the gui' surrog and quit possibl the girl of their dream. surrog mother, surrog famili.	
anim practic	comedi,pet	an anim love veterinarian who despis the pet owner.	anim practic is an american televis comedi seri. while anim medicin is explor a littl, the seri mostli revolv around the interact in a veterinari practic, explor both person interact among the staff and profession interact between the staff and their client	anim practic is a new comedi center on dr. georg coleman, a top veterinarian with an impress list of famou anim patient at the crane anim hospit - a bustl new york citi veterinari practic where it often seem as if the patient ar run the place. despit hi unorthodox style, georg ha an undeni gift with anim of all kind - except the human kind. much to hi chagrin, georg recent learn that hi ex-girlfriend, dorothi crane (joanna garcia swisher, better with you), ha inherit the famili busi and is now georg's boss. whip-smart and ambiti, dorothi shake up the hospit as she bring order to the chao and butt head with georg's anim-friendli administr. tyler labin (reaper, son of tucson) plai dr. doug jackson, a vet who's great with anim, but hapless in matter of the heart; bobbi lee (harold & kumar) star as dr. yamamoto; kym whitlei (we bought a zoo) star as juanita; and newcom betsi sodaro (the nick show kroll) star as nurs angela. dr. rizzo, the resid capuchin monkei at crane anim hospit and georg's closest companion is plai by crystal.	
gui with kid	comedi,famili,parent	three thirti-someth dad try to hold on to their youth, while hold onto their new babi' hand. easi, right? thankfulli chri, nick and gari have each other to help navig their surviv as new dad, while still try desper to remain dude. balanc work or stai at home, painfulli marri or happili divorc, thei know that take care of the littl on while maintain a social life is a daili challeng. whether it's hose the littl squirt down in the kitchen sink or hit the bar strap with a babi bjšrn, these gui ar on a roller-coaster adventur - parent like you (and thei) have never seen befor	three thirti-someth men must rais their infant children despit the absenc of their wive, as on of them is divorc	three thirti-someth dad try to hold on to their youth, while hold onto their new babi' hand. easi, right? thankfulli chri, nick and gari have each other to help navig their surviv as new dad, while still try desper to remain dude. balanc work or stai at home, painfulli marri or happili divorc, thei know that take care of the littl on while maintain a social life is a daili challeng. whether it's hose the littl squirt down in the kitchen sink or hit the bar strap with a babi bjšrn, these gui ar on a roller-coaster adventur - parent like you (and thei) have never seen befor.	
30 rock	comedi,debaucheri,bizarr,satir,goofi	comedi.  liz lemon, head writer of the sketch comedi show "tg with traci jordan", must deal with an arrog new boss and a crazi new star, all while try to run a success tv show without lose her mind.	30 rock is an american televis comedi seri creat by tina fei for nbc. the seri, which is loos base on fei's experi as head writer for saturdai night live, take place behind the scene of a fiction live sketch comedi seri depict as air on nbc	emmi award winner tina fei write, execut produc and star as liz lemon, the head writer of a live varieti programm in new york citi. liz's life is turn upsid down when brash new network execut jack donaghi (alec baldwin in hi golden globe win role) interfer with her show, bring the wildli unpredict traci jordan (traci morgan) into the cast. now it up to liz to manag the mayhem and still try to have a life	
up all night	comedi,famili,parent	take an irrever look at parenthood through the point of view of an acerb work mother, along with her stai-at-home husband and opinion parent	life is all about balanc. so what happen when you throw a new babi into it? reagan (christina appleg) and her husband, chri (will arnett), ar the proud new parent of babi ami. she mai have been unexpect, but life's curv ball can be a godsend, liter. unless you have a career that need attent, which is exactli what reagan ha. so, buck tradit, thei decid reagan's the on go back to work while chri is go to be the stai-at-home dad. easi, right? well, not quit	life is all about balanc. so what happen when you throw a new babi into it? reagan (christina appleg) and her husband, chri (will arnett), ar the proud new parent of babi ami. she mai have been unexpect, but life's curv ball can be a godsend, liter. unless you have a career that need attent, which is exactli what reagan ha. so, buck tradit, thei decid reagan's the on go back to work while chri is go to be the stai-at-home dad. easi, right? well, not quit.	
the offic	comedi,documentari,satir,goofi	a mockumentari on a group of typic offic worker, where the workdai consist of ego clash, inappropri behavior, and tedium. base on the hit bbc seri	a fresh and funni mockumentari-style glimps into the daili interact of the eccentr worker at the dunder mifflin paper suppli compani. thi fast-pace comedi parodi contemporari american water-cooler cultur.	a fresh and funni mockumentari-style glimps into the daili interact of the eccentr worker at the dunder mifflin paper suppli compani. thi fast-pace comedi parodi contemporari american water-cooler cultur.	
park and recreat	comedi,natur,goofi	the absurd antic of an indiana town's public offici as thei pursu sundri project to make their citi a better place	the seri follow lesli knope, the deputi head of the park and recreat depart in the fiction town of pawne, indiana. knope take on a project with a nurs name ann to turn a construct pit into a park, while try to mentor a bore colleg-ag intern. howev, lesli must fight through the bureaucrat, problem neighbor, and develop in order to make her dream a realiti, all while with a camera crew record her everi gaff and mishap.	the seri follow lesli knope, the deputi head of the park and recreat depart in the fiction town of pawne, indiana. knope take on a project with a nurs name ann to turn a construct pit into a park, while try to mentor a bore colleg-ag intern. howev, lesli must fight through the bureaucrat, problem neighbor, and develop in order to make her dream a realiti, all while with a camera crew record her everi gaff and mishap.	
grimm	paranorm, sci-fi, crime, mysteri, action,monster,polic	in modern dai portland, oregon, a polic detect inherit the abil to see supernatur creatur	rememb the fairi tale your parent us to tell you befor bedtim? those weren't stori -- thei were warn. nick burkhardt thought he prepar himself for the realiti of work as a homicid detect until he start see thing he couldn't quit explain. when hi ail aunt mari arriv, nick's life turn upsid down when she reveal thei ar descend of an elit group of hunter, also known as "grimm," who fight to keep the balanc of human safe from the supernatur creatur of the world. as nick dig deeper into her past, he realiz that he will have to shoulder the respons of hi ancestor -- and contend with a larger-than-life mytholog of the brother grimm that is now all too real	rememb the fairi tale your parent us to tell you befor bedtim? those weren't stori -- thei were warn. nick burkhardt thought he prepar himself for the realiti of work as a homicid detect until he start see thing he couldn't quit explain. when hi ail aunt mari arriv, nick's life turn upsid down when she reveal thei ar descend of an elit group of hunter, also known as "grimm," who fight to keep the balanc of human safe from the supernatur creatur of the world. as nick dig deeper into her past, he realiz that he will have to shoulder the respons of hi ancestor -- and contend with a larger-than-life mytholog of the brother grimm that is now all too real.	
49er preview	sport,footbal	san francisco 49er nfl pro footbal	-	preview of the upcom san francisco 49er nfl pro footbal game.	
vega	crime, action,polic	a former rodeo cowboi becom a sheriff	set in 1960s la vega, the seri center on sheriff ralph lamb (quaid) and hi deal with chicago mobster vincent savino (chikli), who move west to set up hi own oper. the lamb charact is base on a real-life former rancher who serv as sheriff of clark counti from 1961 to 1979	set in 1960s la vega, the seri center on sheriff ralph lamb (quaid) and hi deal with chicago mobster vincent savino (chikli), who move west to set up hi own oper. the lamb charact is base on a real-life former rancher who serv as sheriff of clark counti from 1961 to 1979.	
hawaii five-0	crime, action, suspens,heroic	steve mcgarrett return home to oahu, in order to find hi father's killer. the governor offer him the chanc to run hi own task forc (five-o). steve's team is join by chin ho kelli, danni "danno" william and kono kalakaua	hawaii five-0 is an american polic procedur drama televis seri and a re-imagin of the origin 1968Ð80 televis seri	after hi father is murder, lieuten command steven j. mcgarrett return home to oahu in order to catch the killer. the governor offer him the opportun to run a new task forc where he is abl to call the shot. steve bring togeth hi own team and is given full back from the governor.	
60 minut	new, documentari,journal	-	60 minut is an american televis new program, which wa creat in 1968. the program wa creat by don hewitt who set it apart by us a uniqu style of report-center investig. in 2002, 60 minut wa rank no. 6 on tv guid's 50 greatest tv show of all time.	60 minut ha been on the air sinc 1968, begin on a tuesdai, but spend most of it time on sundai, where it remain todai. thi popular new magazin provid both hard hit investig, interview and featur, along with peopl in the new and current event. 60 minut ha set unpreced record in the nielsen's rate with a number 1 rate, five time, make it among the most success tv program in all of televis histori. thi seri ha won more emmi award than ani other new program and in 2003, don hewitt, the creator (back in 1968), wa award the lifetim achiev emmi, along with the 60 minut correspond. ad to the 11 peabodi award, thi phenomen long-live seri ha collect 78 award up to the 2005 season and remain among the viewer top choic for new magazin featur.	
the amaz race	realiti, competit,travel	multipl team race around the globe for $1,000,000 to 'amaz' locat.	the amaz race is a realiti televis game show in which team of two peopl, who have some form of a preexist person relationship, race around the world in competit with other team. contest strive to arriv first at "pit stop" at the end of each leg of the race to win prize and to avoid come in last, which carri the possibl of elimin or a signific disadvantag in the follow leg. contest travel to and within multipl countri in a varieti of transport mode, includ airplan, hot-air balloon, helicopt, truck, bicycl, taxicab, car, jeepnei, train, buse, boat, and by foot. clue provid in each leg lead the team to the next destin or direct them to perform a task, either togeth or by a singl member. these challeng ar relat in some manner to the countri wherein thei ar locat or it cultur. team ar progress elimin until three ar left; at that point, the team that arriv first in the final leg is award the grand prize	thi realiti televis game show pit 11 team against each other in a worldwid, 30 to 40-dai journei through divers citi and countri span the globe. the first team to reach the final destin will be reward with $1 million.	
the good wife	drama, crime, suspens,crimin	alicia ha been a good wife to her husband, a former state attornei. after a veri humili sex and corrupt scandal, he is behind bar. she must now provid for her famili and return to work as a litig in a law firm	the seri focus on alicia florrick (julianna marguli), whose husband peter florrick (chri noth), a former cook counti state's attornei, ha been jail follow a veri public sex and corrupt scandal. alicia return to her old job as a litig (after take 12 year out to be a stai-at-home mother) to provid for her two children	the good wife is a drama star emmi award winner julianna marguli as a wife and mother who must assum full respons for her famili and re-enter the workforc after her husband's veri public sex and polit corrupt scandal land him in jail.	
famili feud	game show,competit	-	famili feud is an american televis game show creat by mark goodson and bill todman. two famili compet against each other in a contest to name the most popular respons to a survei question pose to 100 peopl. the format, which origin in the unit state, air in numer local format worldwid.  the origin version premier on abc and wa host by richard dawson	famili feud is an american televis game show creat by mark goodson and bill todman. two famili compet against each other in a contest to name the most popular respons to a survei question pose to 100 peopl. the format, which origin in the unit state, air in numer local format worldwid.  the origin version premier on abc and wa host by richard dawson.	
judg judi	crime, realiti,justic,ethic,bizarr	judg judi sheindlin, a former judg from new york, tackl real-life small claim case with her no nonsens attitud in which damag of no more than $5,000 can be award. also by her side is bailiff petri hawkin-byrd who keep order in the court. then after a case is close, the defend and plaintiff briefli confront each other outsid the courtroom	judg judi is an american realiti court show, featur former famili court judg judith sheindlin, arbitr over small claim case in a small claim "court." while the claim ar real, the "court" is not a public court of law but a privat arbitr court, and all parti must sign contract agre to arbitr under sheindlin	judg judi sheindlin, a former judg from new york, tackl real-life small claim case with her no nonsens attitud in which damag of no more than $5,000 can be award. also by her side is bailiff petri hawkin-byrd who keep order in the court. then after a case is close, the defend and plaintiff briefli confront each other outsid the courtroom.	
how i met your mother	comedi, sitcom,debaucheri,romanc,goofi	a comedi about ted and how he fell in love. it all start when ted's best friend, marshal, drop the bombshel that he wa go to propos to hi longtim girlfriend, lili, a kindergarten teacher. at that moment, ted realiz that he had better get a move on if he, too, hope to find true love. help him in hi quest is hi friend barnei, a confirm bachelor with endless, sometim outrag opinion, a penchant for suit and a foolproof wai to meet women. when ted meet robin, he's sure it's love at first sight, but destini ha someth els in store.	an american sitcom that premier on cb and is set in manhattan, how i met your mother follow the social and romant live of ted mosbi (josh radnor) and hi friend marshal eriksen (jason segel), robin scherbatski (cobi smulder), lili aldrin (alyson hannigan), and barnei stinson (neil patrick harri).	how i met your mother is a comedi about ted and how he fell in love. it all start when ted's best friend, marshal, drop the bombshel that he wa go to propos to hi longtim girlfriend, lili, a kindergarten teacher. at that moment, ted realiz that he had better get a move on if he, too, hope to find true love. help him in hi quest is hi friend barnei, a confirm bachelor with endless, sometim outrag opinion, a penchant for suit and a foolproof wai to meet women. when ted meet robin, he's sure it's love at first sight, but destini ha someth els in store.	
partner	comedi	two life-long best friend and busi partner ÒbromancÓ is test when on of them is engag to be marri. joe is an accomplish architect who lead with hi head and not hi heart, especi in hi love life. thatÕs in stark contrast to hi gai co-worker, loui, who is spontan, emot and prone to exagger. both have found joi in their love live: joe is newli engag to ali, while loui is date wyatt. as new of joeÕs engag settl, time will tell if their busi and person bond can adapt to the addit of two other import relationship	the seri center a pair of young architect, bob (jon cryer) and owen (tate donovan), and owen's fiancŽe alicia (maria pitillo). much of the show's humor deriv from bob's lack of success with women and hi competit with alicia for owen's attent	two life-long best friend and busi partner ÒbromancÓ is test when on of them is engag to be marri. joe is an accomplish architect who lead with hi head and not hi heart, especi in hi love life. thatÕs in stark contrast to hi gai co-worker, loui, who is spontan, emot and prone to exagger. both have found joi in their love live: joe is newli engag to ali, while loui is date wyatt. as new of joeÕs engag settl, time will tell if their busi and person bond can adapt to the addit of two other import relationship.	
2 broke girl	comedi	two young women waitress at a greasi spoon diner strike up an unlik friendship in the hope of launch a success busi - if onli thei can rais the cash	2 broke girl (styliz as 2 broke girl$) is an american televis sitcom that debut on cb. the seri follow the misadventur of roommat max (kat den) and carolin (beth behr), both financi poor, and their effort to start a cupcak busi in the williamsburg area of brooklyn, new york	a comedi about two young women waitress at a greasi spoon diner who strike up an unlik friendship in the hope of launch a success busi - if onli thei can rais the cash	
mike & molli	comedi	set in chicago, illinoi, the seri follow two peopl, mike bigg, a polic offic who want to shed some pound, and molli flynn, a fourth-grade teacher want to embrac her curv, who meet at an overeat anonym group and becom an unlik pair. howev, thei also have to deal with the comment, joke, and critic from mike's fast-talk partner carl mcmillan, molli's slim, drug addict sister victoria and nymphomaniac mother joyc, and samuel, a senegales waiter at the offic' favorit restaur	set in chicago, illinoi, the seri follow mike bigg (billi gardel), a polic offic who's look to shed some pound, and molli flynn (melissa mccarthi), an obes fourth-grade teacher, who meet at an overeat anonym group and becom a coupl. 	set in chicago, illinoi, the seri follow two peopl, mike bigg, a polic offic who want to shed some pound, and molli flynn, a fourth-grade teacher want to embrac her curv, who meet at an overeat anonym group and becom an unlik pair. howev, thei also have to deal with the comment, joke, and critic from mike's fast-talk partner carl mcmillan, molli's slim, drug addict sister victoria and nymphomaniac mother joyc, and samuel, a senegales waiter at the offic' favorit restaur.	
nci	crime, action, suspens,polic	the case of the naval crimin investig servic	nci, formerli known as nci: naval crimin investig servic, is an american polic procedur drama televis seri revolv around a fiction team of special agent from the naval crimin investig servic, which conduct crimin investig involv the u.s. navi and marin corp	explor the inner work of the govern agenc that investig all crime involv navi and marin corp personnel, regardless of rank or posit. lead thi team is nci special agent leroi jethro gibb, a skill investig and interrog who is smart, tough and will to bend the rule to get the job done.	
nci: lo angel	crime, action, mysteri,polic	the naval crimin investig servic's offic of special project take on the undercov work and the hard to crack case in la. kei agent ar g. callen and sam hanna, street kid risen through the rank	nci: lo angel (naval crimin investig servic: lo angel) is an american televis seri combin element of the militari drama and polic procedur genr	nci: lo angel is a drama about the high stake world of undercov surveil at the offic of special project (osp), a divis of nci that is charg with apprehend danger and elus crimin that pose a threat to the nation's secur, specif naval and marin asset and personnel.	
survivor: philippin	realiti, competit, travel	the rule of thi game ar simpl: sixteen averag american ar abandon in the middl of some of the most unforgiv place on earth. thei ar divid into team. everi three dai, the survivor must gather to vote someon out of their tribe. onc a total of six peopl have been vote out, the two tribe merg (thi mai vari season to season).after the merg, everi person must compet for him/herself at both reward and immun challeng. onli on person can win these challeng. onc a person receiv immun, that person can not have ani vote against him/her for that tribal council. the next person to be vote out just after the merg will not return to the follow tribal council. the next seven peopl return to be on a juri - thei vote at the veri last tribal council for who will win. the last survivor at the end win on million dollar.	survivor: philippin is the twenti-fifth season of the american cb competit realiti televis seri survivor	the rule of thi game ar simpl: sixteen averag american (eighteen in season 8, 9, and 11; twenti in season 10) ar abandon in the middl of some of the most unforgiv place on earth. thei ar divid into team. everi three dai, the survivor must gather to vote someon out of their tribe. onc a total of six peopl have been vote out, the two tribe merg (thi mai vari season to season).after the merg, everi person must compet for him/herself at both reward and immun challeng. onli on person can win these challeng. onc a person receiv immun, that person can not have ani vote against him/her for that tribal council. the next person to be vote out just after the merg will not return to the follow tribal council. the next seven peopl return to be on a juri - thei vote at the veri last tribal council for who will win. the last survivor at the end win on million dollar	
the big bang theori	comedi, sitcom,goofi	comedi.  a woman who move into an apart next door to two brilliant but social awkward physicist show them how littl thei know about life outsid of the laboratori	an american comedi televis seri creat and execut produc by chuck lorr	leonard hofstadt and sheldon cooper ar brilliant physicist, the kind of "beauti mind" that understand how the univers work. but none of that geniu help them interact with peopl, especi women. all thi begin to chang when a free-spirit beauti name penni move in next door. sheldon, leonard's roommat, is quit content spend hi night plai klingon boggl with their social dysfunct friend, fellow caltech scientist howard wolowitz and raj koothrappali. howev, leonard see in penni a whole new univers of possibl... includ love.	
two and a half men	comedi, sitcom,famili,goofi	comedi.  a hedonist jingl writer's free-wheel life come to an abrupt halt when hi brother and 10-year-old nephew move into hi beach-front hous	two and a half men is an american televis sitcom star charli sheen, jon cryer, and angu t. jone, the show wa origin about a hedonist jingl writer, charli harper; hi uptight brother, alan; and alan's grow son, jake. charli's free-wheel life is complic when hi brother get divorc and move, along with hi son, into charli's beach-front malibu hous	charli is a well-to-do bachelor with a hous at the beach, a jaguar in the front, and an easi wai with women. hi casual malibu lifestyl is interrupt when hi tightli wound brother alan, who's face a divorc, and hi son jake, come to live with him. togeth, these two and a half men confront the challeng of grow up; final. complic matter ar the brother' self-obsess, control mother, evelyn, alan's estrang wife, judith and charli's crazi neighbor rose, who want to be a part of hi life and is will to do anyth to be around.	
person of interest	crime, drama, mysteri,polic	an ex-cia hitman and a scientist team up to prevent crime befor thei happen	john rees (jim caviezel), a former green beret and cia field offic, is live as a derelict in new york citi after an unspecifi incid, and is presum dead. he is approach by harold finch (michael emerson), a reclus billionair comput geniu who is live under an assum ident. finch explain that after 9/11, he built a comput system for the govern which us inform glean from omnipres surveil to predict futur terrorist attack	person of interest star jim caviezel, emmi award winner michael emerson and academi award nomine taraji p. henson in a crime thriller about a presum dead former-cia agent, rees, who team up with a mysteri billionair, finch, to prevent violent crime by us their own brand of vigilant justic. rees's special train in covert oper appeal to finch, a softwar geniu who invent a program that us pattern recognit to identifi peopl about to be involv in violent crime. us state-of-the-art surveil technolog, the two work outsid of the law, us rees's adept skill and finch's unlimit wealth to unravel the mysteri of the "person of interest" and stop the crime befor it happen. rees's action draw the attent of the nypd, includ homicid detect carter, and fusco, a cop whom rees us to hi advantag. with infinit crime to investig, rees and finch find that the right person, with the right inform, at the right time, can chang everyth.	
csi: ny	crime, drama, mysteri,polic	a spinoff of crime scene investig set in new york citi	csi: ny (crime scene investig: new york) is an american polic procedur televis seri. the show follow the investig of a team of nypd forens scientist and polic offic as thei unveil the circumst behind mysteri and unusu death as well as other crime	the third edit of the "csi" franchis set up shop in the big appl, where taciturn detect mac taylor (gari sinis) and hi partner, detect stella bonasera (melina kanakared), lead a crime-solv team. like hi counterpart in la vega and miami, taylor know that peopl mai lie, but the evid rare doe	
made in jersei	drama,justic	martina garretti is a young work-class woman who us her street smart to compet among her pedigre manhattan colleagu at a prestigi new york law firm. her firmÕs cutthroat landscap is challeng, but what she lack in an ivi leagu educ she more than make up for with tenac and blue-collar insight. after just a few week, firm founder donovan stark, take note of martinaÕs ingenu and resourc, as doe her sassi secretari cyndi vega. with the support of her big italian famili, includ her sexi older sister bonni, martina is abl to stai true to her root as a bold, passion lawyer on the rise in a new intimid environ	made in jersei is an american legal drama seri.  a streetwis lawyer born and rais in new jersei join a posh new york citi law firm, where she must defend her client while surviv her colleagu' skeptic and her italian famili's constant interrupt.	martina garretti is a young work-class woman who us her street smart to compet among her pedigre manhattan colleagu at a prestigi new york law firm. her firmÕs cutthroat landscap is challeng, but what she lack in an ivi leagu educ she more than make up for with tenac and blue-collar insight. after just a few week, firm founder donovan stark, take note of martinaÕs ingenu and resourc, as doe her sassi secretari cyndi vega. with the support of her big italian famili, includ her sexi older sister bonni, martina is abl to stai true to her root as a bold, passion lawyer on the rise in a new intimid environ.	
woodi allen: american master	documentari	-	american master is a pb televis show which produc biographi on artist, actor and writer of the unit state who have left a profound impact on the nation's popular cultur	american master is a pb televis show which produc biographi on artist, actor and writer of the unit state who have left a profound impact on the nation's popular cultur.	
call the midwif	drama,histor	the stori is about a group of midwiv base in east london in the 1950s	call the midwif is a bbc period drama seri star jessica rain, miranda hart, cliff parisi, jenni agutt, pam ferri, judi parfitt and vanessa redgrav. it wa creat by heidi thoma base on the memoir of jennif worth and set in east london in the 1950s	call the midwif is a drama seri adapt for televis by heidi thoma from jennif worth's best sell memoir, book of the same name. the seri is a colour look at the world of midwiferi and famili life in 1950's east end london. jenni join an eccentr commun of nurs nun have just qualifi.	
nightli busi report	new	-	nightli busi report (nbr) is a busi new televis magazin broadcast live mondai to fridai even on mani public televis station in the unit state	nightli busi report (nbr) is a busi new televis magazin broadcast live mondai to fridai even on mani public televis station in the unit state.	
antiqu roadshow	realiti	apprais of antiqu travel with the show to variou citi. area citizen bring articl for apprais and often relat the histori of these item. the apprais then expand on what is known about the treasur, sometim expos them as fake, and thei estim the piec' financi valu. the show also includ tip for aspir collector of a wide rang of item.	antiqu roadshow is a british televis show in which antiqu apprais travel to variou region of the unit kingdom (and occasion abroad) to apprais antiqu brought in by local peopl	antiqu roadshow is the bbc origin show in which antiqu apprais travel to variou region of the unit kingdom (and occasion abroad) to apprais antiqu brought in by local peopl. it ha been run sinc 1979. there ar also intern version of the programm	
histori detect	documentari,histor,mysteri	histori documentari	histori detect is a documentari televis seri on pb. a group of research (list on right) help peopl to seek answer to variou histor question thei have, usual center around a famili heirloom, an old hous or other histor object or structur. it devot itself "to explor the complex of histor mysteri, search out the fact, myth and conundrum that connect local folklor, famili legend and interest object	thi seri explor the true stori behind histor site, artifact and tall tale at the request of citizen all over america, with the help of an inquisit team of fact-finder with an uncanni talent for uncov the truth.	
rain man	drama	autism asperg the sensibl drama about the reunif of two veri differ brother and their struggl to stai togeth. dustin hoffman won an oscar for best actor for hi memor perform as the autist raymond	rain man is an oscar-win 1988 drama film written by barri morrow and ronald bass and direct by barri levinson. it tell the stori of an abras and selfish yuppi, charli babbitt, who discov that hi estrang father ha di and bequeath all of hi multimillion-dollar estat to hi other son, raymond, an autist savant of whose exist charli wa unawar	the sensibl drama about the reunif of two veri differ brother and their struggl to stai togeth. dustin hoffman won an oscar for best actor for hi memor perform as the autist raymond.	
seinfeld	comedi, sitcom,goofi	the continu misadventur of neurot new york stand-up comedian jerri seinfeld and hi equal neurot new york friend	seinfeld is an american televis sitcom that origin air on nbc.  set predominantli in an apart block in new york citi's manhattan's upper west side, the show featur a host of jerri's friend and acquaint, in particular best friend georg costanza, former girlfriend elain bene, and neighbor across the hall cosmo kramer	jerri seinfeld is a veri success stand-up comedian, mainli becaus the peopl around him offer an endless suppli of great materi. hi best friend is georg costanza, a bald, whini loser who crave the kind of success jerri ha but is never will to do what it take to get it. jerri's neighbor kramer often barg into hi apart and impos onto hi life. in the second episod jerri's former girlfriend elain bene come back into hi life, and the four of them ar abl to form a friendship togeth. the episod were rare veri plot-heavi, focus more on mundan convers and situat that could be found dure everydai life in new york.	
star war: the clone war	children, anim,futurist,sci-fi,adventur,action,space	anim action adventur the grand armi of the republ, led by yoda, mace windu, obi-wan kenobi, and other jedi knight, fight the new droid armi of the separatist	star war: the clone war is an american 3d cgi anim televis seri creat by georg luca and produc by lucasfilm anim. the seri debut on the us-version of cartoon network and is set in the fiction star war galaxi	the grand clone armi of the republ, led by jedi master yoda, mace windu, obi-wan kenobi and other master must fight the new droid armi of the separatist to defend the republ and the polit stabil of the galaxi. thei face the cun dooku, the viciou gener grievou and the relentless asajj ventress on the field of battl, all the while, behind the scene, senat palpatin manipul thing to hi benefit.	
the simpson	anim, comedi,satir,goofi,debaucheri,surreal	anim comedi the satir adventur of a work class famili in the misfit citi of springfield	the simpson is an american anim sitcom creat by matt groen for the fox broadcast compani. the seri is a satir parodi of a middl class american lifestyl epitom by it famili of the same name, which consist of homer, marg, bart, lisa and maggi. the show is set in the fiction town of springfield and parodi american cultur, societi, televis and mani aspect of the human condit	origin creat by cartoonist matt groen, "our favorit famili," ha grace the small screen in on form or anoth for over 20 year. the simpson famili first appear on televis as the subject of interstiti "short" on the tracei ullman show in april of 1987. the simpson remain a stapl on the tracei ullman show for three season until thei premier in their own half-hour seri, on decemb 17, 1989. with the help of jim brook and sam simon, matt groen's cartoon famili turn into an instant success. set in springfield, the averag american town, the show focus on the antic and everydai adventur of the simpson famili; homer, marg, bart, lisa and maggi, as well as a virtual cast of thousand. sinc the begin, the seri ha been a pop cultur icon, attract hundr of celebr to guest star. the show ha also made name for itself in it fearless satir take on polit, media and american life in gener. current in it 23st season, the simpson ha pile up close to 500 episod, 27 emmi award, a hand of music album, countless endors and merchandis, and even made the jump to the silver screen in the summer of 2007 with the simpson movi. and accord to matt groen, "there is no end in sight."	
bob's burger	anim, comedi,sitcom	anim comedi bob's burger center on the belcher famili (consist of bob, linda, tina, gene and louis) who own a hamburg restaur. bob's burger ar realli delici and appear to be better than hi rival' but when it come to sell burger, hi kid aren't realli help, as more custom head over to jimmi pesto's restaur	bob's burger is an american anim sitcom creat by loren bouchard for the fox broadcast compani. the seri center on the belcher - parent bob and linda, and their children tina, gene, and louis - who run a hamburg restaur	bob's burger follow a third-gener restaurateur, bob, as he run bob's burger with the help of hi wife and their three kid. bob and hi quirki famili have big idea about burger, but fall short on servic and sophist. despit the greasi counter, lousi locat and a dearth of custom, bob and hi famili ar determin to make bob's burger "grand re-re-re-open" a success.	
famili gui	anim, comedi, sitcom,goofi,satir,debaucheri	anim comedi in a wacki rhode island town, a dysfunct famili strive to cope with everydai life as thei ar thrown from on crazi scenario to anoth	famili gui is an american anim sitcom creat by seth macfarlan for the fox broadcast compani. the seri center on the griffin, a dysfunct famili consist of parent peter and loi; their children meg, chri, and stewi; and their anthropomorph pet dog brian. the show is set in the fiction citi of quahog, rhode island, and exhibit much of it humor in the form of cutawai gag that often lampoon american cultur	sick, twist, polit incorrect and freakin' sweet anim seri featur the adventur of the dysfunct griffin famili. bumbl peter and long-suffer loi have three kid. stewi (a brilliant but sadist babi bent on kill hi mother and take over the world), meg (the oldest, and is the most unpopular girl in town) and chri (the middl kid, he's not veri bright but ha a passion for movi). the final member of the famili is brian - a talk dog and much more than a pet, he keep stewi in check whilst sip martini and sort through hi own life issu.	
american dad	anim, comedi, sitcom,goofi,satir,debaucheri	anim comedi  the random escapad of stan smith, an extrem right wing cia agent deal with famili life and keep america safe, all in the most absurdist wai possibl	american dad! is an american anim sitcom creat by seth macfarlan. the seri center on the smith, a dysfunct famili consist of parent stan and francin and their children, bud adolesc steve and new-ag hippi haylei. other main charact includ haylei's stoner husband jeff fischer; the famili's pet, klau, a man in a fish's bodi; and roger, an alien who stan ha rescu from govern captur and harbor in the famili's attic.  the show is set in the fiction town of langlei fall, virginia in the washington, d.c. metro area, which is a gestur of parodi of the actual town of langlei, virginia, home to the headquart of the cia. unlik it sister show famili gui, american dad! doe not us cutawai gag, but rather focus more on situat humor and non sequitur.	the show revolv around c.i.a. agent stan smith, and hi not so averag famili. stan is constantli fight off terrorist who threaten the safeti of the unit state, sometim caus more harm than good. hi wife francin is your averag hous wife. she juggl stan and the kid while keep a sound mind. haylei, stan's onli daughter, is your averag rebelli teenag. she speak her own mind, and doe thing her own wai. steve, stan's onli son, is a bit of a "geek". he enjoi game like dungeon and dragon, and particip in comic book convent. although he's not stan's dream son, he alwai make him proud. then there's roger, the illeg alien (liter) who the smith's ar keep protect. roger deal with your averag alien emot, and the fact that he is not allow out in public, which caus him great distress. last but not least, klau, the smith's wisecrack talk fish (well, after he wa remov from hi bodi) who is secretli in love with francin.	
bone	crime, comedi, drama, medic,polic	a forens anthropologist and a cocki fbi agent build a team to investig death caus. and quit often, there isn't more to examin than rotten flesh or mere bone	bone is an american crime comedi-drama televis seri that premier on the fox network in the unit state on septemb 13, 2005. the show is base on forens anthropolog and forens archaeolog, with each episod focus on an fbi case file concern the mysteri behind human remain brought by fbi special agent seelei booth (david boreanaz) to the forens anthropologist dr. temper "bone" brennan (emili deschanel).	f.b.i. agent seelei booth is team up with forens anthropologist dr. temper "bone" brennan to solv some of the most baffl and bizarr crime ever. booth depend on clue from the live, wit and suspect, while brennan gather evid from the dead, reli on her uncanni abil to read clue left behind in the bone of the victim.	
the mob doctor	crime, medic, drama,crimin,health	crime drama  a young thorac surgeon becom indebt to the south chicago mafia and is forc to moonlight as a mob doctor, while also work full time at chicago's most promin hospit	the seri follow grace devlin, a surgic resid, who juggl her hospit duti with protect her brother from the mob. grace work off her debt by kill or help anyon thei demand.	dr. grace devlin is a top resid at chicagoÕs roosevelt medic center. sheÕs herald as on of the countriÕs most promis young surgeon. but famili ti keep her glu to her southsid root. to pai off her brotherÕs life-threaten gambl debt, she make a deal with the devil and agre to work Òoff bookÓ for the mafia men she onc despis. dure the dai, grace must deal with the emotion compel case at roosevelt medic, but in her other vastli differ world, she must juggl an onslaught of mob-relat demand. all the while, grace must keep her dual life a secret from everyon.	
rais hope	comedi, famili, drama	comedi drama famili.  jimmi becom a singl parent to an infant after the mother he had a on-night stand with end up on death row.	jame "jimmi" chanc is a clueless 23-year-old who must rais hi infant daughter, conceiv from a on-night stand, with the help of hi flaw famili after the babi's mother (who ha kill multipl boyfriend) is sentenc to death and electrocut when the babi is onli six month old	at 23 year old, jimmi chanc is go nowher in life. he skim pool for a live, parti everi night and still live at home with hi famili, includ hi parent and hi cousin, mike. jimmi's life take a drastic turn when a chanc romant encount with luci goe awri onc he discov she is a want felon. month later, when jimmi pai a visit to the local prison, he discov luci gave birth to their babi, who he is now charg with rais.	
ben and kate	comedi	comedi	the seri focus on the live of a brother and sister who ar exact opposit: ben is an over-the-top dreamer, while younger sister kate is a singl mother try to make end meet as a bar manag. after ben realiz that hi sister need help with both her life and take care of her daughter maddi, he decid to move in so kate can start rediscov what she miss out, while at the same time kate hope to return the favor by see how she can bring her brother back to realiti	kate fox follow the rule all her lifeÉuntil she got pregnant in colleg and drop out just shy of graduat. after the birth of her daughter, maddi, kate put her twenti on hold. now work as a bar manag to make end meet and maxim her time with five-year-old maddi, sheÕs uber-prepar for everi possibl catastroph Ð except for the arriv of her older brother, ben fox.	
new girl	comedi, sitcom,goofi	after a bad break-up, jess, an offbeat young woman, move into an apart loft with three singl men. although thei find her behavior veri unusu, the men support her - most of the time	jessica "jess" dai (plai by zooei deschanel), a quirki, bubbl woman in her late twenti who teach at a local lo angel elementari school. jess begin look for a new place to live after catch her boyfriend cheat on her. see an ad for a new roommat on craigslist, she move in with three young men: nick, schmidt, and coach. veri shortli after her move, coach move out, and is replac by winston, anoth young man who had previous live in the apart with nick and schmidt	jessica dai is an offbeat and ador girl in her late 20s who, after a bad breakup, move in with three singl gui. goofi, posit, vulner and honest to a fault, jess ha faith in peopl, even when she shouldn't. although she's dorki and awkward, she's comfort in her own skin. more prone to friendship with women, she's not us to hang with the boi--especi at home.	
the mindi project	comedi, medic	comedi  a young ob/gyn doctor balanc her person and profession life, surround by quirki co-worker in a small offic	the seri follow a singl physician (plai by kale) with a uniqu persona as she tri to navig her wai through her person and profession life. the charact wa inspir by kale's mother, who wa an ob/gyn	mindi lahiri can quot everi romant comedi star meg ryan that exist. she love the good on and the bad on, becaus the girl alwai get the gui. mindi is determin to be more punctual, spend less monei, lose weight and read more book Ð all in pursuit of becom a well-round perfect womanÉwho can meet and date the perfect gui. mindi is a skill ob/gyn and share a practic with a few other doctor, none of whom make life ani easier for her. jeremi reed is the walk definit of total bad new. he not onli share a practic with mindi, but sometim her bed as well Ð despit her best effort to resist. he is funni, self-absorb and super sexi. in contrast, danni castellano is a hothead and guiÕ gui who ha a habit of steal mindiÕs patient. as mindi attempt to get her career off the ground and meet a gui who pass her red flag test, onli time will tell if she get her romant comedi end.	
the princess and the frog	famili, children, music, anim,fantasi	a fairi tale set in jazz ag-era new orlean and center on a young woman name tiana and her fate kiss with a frog princ who desper want to be human again.	the princess and the frog is a 2009 american anim music-famili film produc by walt disnei anim studio, inspir in part by e. d. baker's novel the frog princess, which wa in turn inspir by the grimm brother' fairi tale "the frog princ".	a fairi tale set in jazz ag-era new orlean and center on a young woman name tiana and her fate kiss with a frog princ who desper want to be human again.	
i (almost) got awai with it	documentari, crime,crimin,polic	-	i (almost) got awai with it is a documentari televis seri air on investig discoveri sinc 2009. the show featur true stori of peopl who commit crime, then attempt to escap arrest but eventu got caught. while on the run, the fugit do anyth from rob ga station to steal crystal gayl's tour bu.	a documentari televis seri featur true stori of peopl who commit crime and then attempt to escap arrest (but eventu got caught).	
american chopper	auto, realiti, comedi,documentari	documentari seri about the go-on behind the scene at orang counti chopper, a custom motorcycl fabric compani locat in montgomeri, new york. the seri is also a studi of the interplai between the teutel, paul sr. and jr., and the stress that both experi when creat motorcycl as work of art.	american chopper is a realiti televis seri that air on discoveri channel, produc by pilgrim film & televis. the seri center on paul teutul, sr. (frequent call senior), and hi son paul teutul, jr. (also known as pauli or simpli junior), who manufactur custom chopper-style motorcycl. orang counti chopper is in newburgh, new york. the contrast work and creativ style of the father/son team and their result verbal argument were the seri' hallmark until 2008 when a culmin explos argument led to paul jr.'s termin and departur to start a compet chopper compani (paul jr. design).	documentari seri about the go-on behind the scene at orang counti chopper, a custom motorcycl fabric compani locat in montgomeri, new york. the seri is also a studi of the interplai between the teutel, paul sr. and jr., and the stress that both experi when creat motorcycl as work of art.	
overhaulin'	auto, realiti,spy,rescu	do you know where your car is? where the owner get trick, and the car get trick out!	the show's premis wa that an unknow "victim" Ð the mark, in the show's languag Ñ is nomin to be "overhaul" by hi or her famili or friend, the insid. the mark's car, usual an old and tire antiqu car, wa obtain through some ruse. some common exampl includ the car be "stolen" by chri and chip, a car be misplac or lost at a mechan's shop, or the car be tow awai by "polic."	do you know where your car is? where the owner get trick, and the car get trick out!	
alaska: the last frontier	famili, drama, natur	center on the kilcher famili and their commun outsid homer, alaska. led by patriarch atz kilcher, singer jewel's father, the famili have live on their land for three gener. the show also focus on the homestead who live by the kilcher, includ, brother roadkil, who eat anim ly dead on the side of the road.	-	center on the kilcher famili and their commun outsid homer, alaska.	
son of gun	realiti, crime,crimin	will hayden run red jacket, the nation's most uniqu weapon busi. from gun to knive to sword to cannon, will sell, trade, bui, build and custom them all. when will isn't rebuild a "bring-back" rifl from the vietnam war or re-string a bow to hunt swamp gator, he can be found in hi louisiana bayou shop swap gossip with hi custom that rang from housew to member of the swat team. will, hi daughter stephani, and the rest of hi crew, race to keep up with the demand of their clientle and turn out top notch weapon. but whether it's have a lunch break shoot contest, go on a nighttim bayou bow fish trip or field test a fulli automat m2 .50 calib machin gun, viewer will catch the red jacket team alwai find time to have some fun. 	son of gun is a realiti televis seri that air on the discoveri channel.[1] the seri center on red jacket firearm llc, a louisiana-base busi that manufactur and sell custom weapon. will hayden is the founder and owner of the shop, while hi daughter and busi partner stephani manag the offic.	will hayden run red jacket, the nation's most uniqu weapon busi. from gun to knive to sword to cannon, will sell, trade, bui, build and custom them all.	
fast n' loud	auto, realiti	these gui cruis for the classic. meet self-describ petrol-sexual motorhead richard rawl and mechan prodigi aaron kaufmann as thei search far-flung corner of the countri for forgotten and derelict classic car to restor at their ga monkei garag. heap of rust ar transform into gleam road warrior and sold to the top bidder.	-	these gui cruis for the classic. meet self-describ petrol-sexual motorhead richard rawl and mechan prodigi aaron kaufmann as thei search far-flung corner of the countri for forgotten and derelict classic car to restor at their ga monkei garag. heap of rust ar transform into gleam road warrior and sold to the top bidder.	
bere sea gold: under the ic	natur, realiti	follow three gold mine team run by driven dredg captain whose veri livelihood depend on mine thi wet and frozen gold. split second think, extrem focu, and team work ar kei to stai aliv under the ic. the risk ar great, and the payoff even greater.	-	follow three gold mine team run by driven dredg captain whose veri livelihood depend on mine thi wet and frozen gold. split second think, extrem focu, and team work ar kei to stai aliv under the ic. the risk ar great, and the payoff even greater.	
yukon men	documentari, realiti, natur	-	yukon men is an unscript american documentari cabl televis seri air on the discoveri channel. it is produc by paper rout product for discoveri channel.  the seri document the harsh life in the alaskan villag of tanana where the popul make their live by hunt and trap game.[2][3] it premier on august 24, 2012.[4] the show's promin theme ar commun and surviv. the televis show is name after the nearbi yukon river and not the yukon territori in canada	document the harsh life in the alaskan villag of tanana where the popul make their live by hunt and trap game.	
austin & alli	comedi, music, teen	a comedi about the uniqu relationship between a young songwrit, alli dawson, and austin moon, the overnight internet sensat who gain sudden notorieti after perform on of alli's song. austin and alli struggl with how to maintain and capit on austin's newfound fame. austin is more of a rebel type who doesn't follow the rule and is somewhat immatur for hi ag, while alli is conserv yet self-consciou.  a songwrit, alli dawson, work at a music store call sonic boom. on dai, she meet a boi name austin moon. austin steal a song from alli and becom an overnight sensat. later, alli forgiv austin and and thei becom partner with the help of alli the shy songwrit and austin the spotlight star.	set in miami, austin & alli is a multi-camera comedi about the relationship form by two veri differ musician: extrovert singer and instrumentalist austin moon, who is constantli get into troubl; and seriou and talent songwrit alli dawson, who can sing but ha an extrem case of stage fright. austin becom famou after he secretli record on of alli's song, creat a video for it with the help of hi friend dez, and post it on the internet. howev, he did so without alli's knowledg, and onc alli, convinc by her friend trish, take credit for her song, austin must convinc her to write more song for him. the two agre to work togeth and struggl with how to keep austin's newfound fame and profit from it, with the help of trish and dez, while all four keep up with their high school and everydai live.	a comedi about the uniqu relationship between a young songwrit, alli dawson, and austin moon, the overnight internet sensat who gain sudden notorieti after perform on of alli's song.	
my babysitt's a vampir	comedi, horror, teen,vampir	no parent. no rule. no puls.	my babysitt's a vampir is a canadian vampir-adventur and comedi horror televis film star vanessa morgan and matthew knight. the film's plot center around a group of teenag, on of them a vamipr unwittingli hire by a coupl to babysit their daughter in lieu of their somewhat untrustworthi son, and their effort to foil a plot to resurrect a cult group of deceas vampir.	no parent. no rule. no puls.	
good luck charli	famili, sitcom	good luck charli is an origin disnei channel televis sitcom, which premier april 4, 2010. the seri wa creat by phil baker and drew vaupen, who want to creat a program that would appeal to entir famili, as oppos to children onli. it revolv around a denver famili, the duncan, as thei try to adjust to the birth of their fourth child, charlott "charli" duncan (mia talerico). in each episod, teddi duncan (bridgit mendler) creat a video diari contain advic for charli about their famili and life as a teenag. teddi tri to show charli what she might go through when she is older in the video diari for futur refer. each video diari end with teddi (or someon els from the famili, even charli) sai the eponym phrase, "good luck, charli."	the seri center on the duncan famili, who ar still adjust to the birth of their fourth child, charlott "charli" duncan (mia talerico).[5] when parent ami (leigh-allyn baker), a nurs, and bob (eric allan kramer), an extermin, return to work, thei ask their three older childrenÑpj (jason dollei), teddi (bridgit mendler), and gabe (bradlei steven perri)Ñto help rais their littl sister. at the same time, teddi, pj, and gabe try to deal with school and typic social challeng in their life.  the event of each episod becom materi for a video diari teddi is make for her younger sister. teddi hope the video will provid us advic for charli after thei have both grown up and teddi ha move out. also at the end of each video, she (and/or other cast member) state, "good luck, charli" or mai even sai it indirectli such as "wish them good luck, charli."[7] dure the movi, ami reveal to teddi that she is pregnant with her fifth child, which teddi is try to adjust to but thi stori plot is not carri into the actual seri until the third season. in the third season, ami give birth to a babi boi, tobi.	a famili-orient sitcom center on the duncan.	
graviti fall	comedi, adventur, teen	-	the show concern the adventur of 12 year-old twin brother and sister dipper and mabel pine, whose summer plan ar ruin when their parent send them off to their great uncl stan in the fiction town of graviti fall, oregon. "grunkl" stan live in and run the mysteri shack, a tourist trap which overcharg unlucki visitor for a glimps at the world's most bizarr museum, but littl do dipper and mabel know that there realli is someth veri strang go on and thei must reli on on anoth to find their wai in thi unfamiliar town	the show concern the adventur of 12 year-old twin brother and sister dipper and mabel pine, whose summer plan ar ruin when their parent send them off to their great uncl stan in the fiction town of graviti fall, oregon.	
code 9	comedi, realiti,spy	-	code: 9 is a hidden camera/realiti seri that premier on juli 26, 2012 on disnei channel.[2] it is host by in the qube star we dene. the seri involv a famili pull a prank with their unsuspect parent. the entir group ha to plan and execut the prank with on famili member go undercov to pull the prank off.	peopl plan and execut prank on their unsuspect parent.	
bolt	sci-fi, action, anim, children, adventur,heroic	the canin star of a fiction sci-fi/action show that believ hi power ar real embark on a cross countri trek to save hi co-star from a threat he believ is just as real.	bolt is a 2008 american comput-anim adventur/action comedi a girl name penni and a dog name bolt star on a hit televis seri call bolt in which the titular charact ha variou superpow and must constantli thwart the evil plan of the nefari doctor calico.	the canin star of a fiction sci-fi/action show that believ hi power ar real embark on a cross countri trek to save hi co-star from a threat he believ is just as real.	
phinea and ferb	anim, children, comedi,bizarr	an anim comedi about two stepbroth who find invent thing to do on each dai of their summer vacat such as build a roller coaster out of materi you would find in your everydai home like popsicl stick, indoor plumb, etc. unbeknownst to them, their pet platypu, perri, lead a doubl life as a secret agent.	phinea and ferb is an american anim televis comedi-music seri. origin broadcast as a preview on august 17, 2007, and offici premier on februari 1, 2008 on disnei channel, the seri follow phinea flynn and hi english stepbroth ferb fletcher[1] on summer vacat. everi dai, the boi embark on some grand new project, which annoi their control sister, candac, who frequent tri to reveal their shenanigan to the boi' mother, linda flynn-fletcher, and less frequent to their father, lawrenc fletcher. the seri follow a standard plot system; run gag occur everi episod, and the b-plot almost alwai featur perri the platypu work as a spy ("agent p") for the owca (organ without a cool acronym), to fight an evil scientist name dr. heinz doofenshmirtz. howev, dr. doofenshmirtz, or doof as he refer to himself, feel the need to assert hi evil. sometim, other villain scoff at hi level of evil.	an anim comedi about two stepbroth who find invent thing to do on each dai of their summer vacat such as build a roller coaster out of materi you would find in your everydai home like popsicl stick, indoor plumb, etc. unbeknownst to them, their pet platypu, perri, lead a doubl life as a secret agent.	
mostli ghostli	paranorm, teen,ghost,mysteri	base on the success book seri by r.l. stine, max doyl find he ha a few friend live in hi hous that onli he can see.	the plot revolv around max, an 11 year old boi who end up meet two ghost name nicki and tara who ar try to find their parent. the ghost make max a deal: if he can help them find out how thei di and what happen to their parent, thei'll help make hi life better. but thei usual end up ruin thing. nevertheless, max still tri to help them solv the mysteri, and the three encount variou villain and somewhat silli adventur.	base on the success book seri by r.l. stine, max doyl find he ha a few friend live in hi hous that onli he can see.	
a.n.t. farm	teen, sitcom, music	chyna park, a music prodigi, get into a gift program call advanc natur talent at the local high school. along with her fellow 'ant' she must navig the hall of a new school of older kid who're not particularli fond of grade-skip newbi.	a.n.t. farm is a disnei channel televis sitcom take place in san francisco, the seri star china ann mcclain, sierra mccormick and jake short as middl-schooler in a gift program at their local high school call the "advanc natur talent" (or "a.n.t.") program.	chyna park, a music prodigi, get into a gift program call advanc natur talent at the local high school. along with her fellow 'ant' she must navig the hall of a new school of older kid who're not particularli fond of grade-skip newbi.	
jessi	famili, teen, sitcom	a texan teen move to new york citi to follow her dream and end up as a nanni for a high profil coupl's four children.	jessi (styliz as jessi) is an american televis sitcom which premier on septemb 30, 2011 on the disnei channel.[1][2] the seri wa creat and execut produc by pamela eell o'connel and star debbi ryan as jessi, a small town texa girl who move to new york citi and becom a nanni to a high profil coupl's four children	a texan teen move to new york citi to follow her dream and end up as a nanni for a high profil coupl's four children.	
fish hook	children, anim, comedi	thi invent anim comedi seri, set insid a giant fish tank in bud's pet shop, present high school life as seen through the ey of three bff (best fish friend), bea, milo and oscar. togeth thei experi the typic life challeng and triumph, includ friendship, date and sport, along with more atyp situat such as giant lobster attack and, with the us of special land suit, school field trip to the hamster cage. the seri wa creat by children's book illustr noah z. jone and featur a notabl voic cast. it's produc us an innov mixtur of digit anim and photo collag.	the seri revolv around adolesc fish milo, hi shy brother oscar, and their "overli dramat" friend bea goldfishberg. thei attend a school submerg in an aquarium in a pet store. the seri chronicl their daili live as thei with everyth from eel attack and field trip to romanc and homework. in the credit sequenc of each episod, there is a 30-second short featur a rattlesnak and a mous have variou convers and banter	thi invent anim comedi seri, set insid a giant fish tank in bud's pet shop, present high school life as seen through the ey of three bff (best fish friend), bea, milo and oscar. togeth thei experi the typic life challeng and triumph, includ friendship, date and sport, along with more atyp situat such as giant lobster attack and, with the us of special land suit, school field trip to the hamster cage. the seri wa creat by children's book illustr noah z. jone and featur a notabl voic cast. it's produc us an innov mixtur of digit anim and photo collag.	
shake it up!	teen, music,adventur	two chicago teen attempt to realiz their dream of becom profession dancer by land spot on a popular local show.	shake it up revolv around the adventur of best friend rocki blue (zendaya) and cece jone (bella thorn) who, with the help of their longtim friend deuc martinez (adam irigoyen), fulfil their favorit dream of becom profession dancer when thei land role as dancer on a local show, "shake it up, chicago!".[6] cece and rocki deal with their circumst, by adapt and maintain their social statu at school while watch cece's littl brother, flynn (davi cleveland); and the antic of their tv show which includ their match the skill of their competit, notabl brother and sister, gunther and tinka	two chicago teen attempt to realiz their dream of becom profession dancer by land spot on a popular local show.	
jack and jill	comedi,bizarr,debaucheri,goofi	famili gui jack sadelstein prepar for the annual event he dread: the thanksgiv visit of hi twin sister, the needi and passiv-aggress jill, who then refus to leav.	jack and jill is a 2011 comedi film star adam sandler 	famili gui jack sadelstein prepar for the annual event he dread: the thanksgiv visit of hi twin sister, the needi and passiv-aggress jill, who then refus to leav.	
the girl with the dragon tattoo	suspens, mysteri, crime,insan	journalist mikael blomkvist is aid in hi search for a woman who ha been miss for forti year by lisbeth saland, a young comput hacker.	the girl with the dragon tattoo (origin titl in swedish: mŠn som hatar kvinnorÊÐ liter, men who hate women) is a crime novel	journalist mikael blomkvist is aid in hi search for a woman who ha been miss for forti year by lisbeth saland, a young comput hacker.	
boss	drama,health	the seri follow tom kane, the mayor of chicago, who ha recent been diagnos with a degen neurolog disord. determin to remain in charg, kane conceal the diseas from everyon around him except hi own physician, dr ella harri. those around kane ar too busi with their own live to notic anyth unusu. kane's marriag to hi wife meredith is noth more than on of conveni. kane's closest advisor, kitti o'neill and ezra stone, begin to suspect someth is wrong with the mayor but respect him too much to ask ani question, while state treasur ben zajac is too busi cultiv hi polit ambit to becom the next governor of illinoi to notic anyth out of the ordinari. kane's daughter, emma, is the onli on who suspect that someth is wrong with her father. but doe she know enough to uncov hi secret and what will it mean for hi polit career?	boss is an american polit drama televis serial creat by farhad safinia. the seri star kelsei grammer as tom kane, the mayor of chicago, who ha recent been diagnos with dementia with lewi bodi, a degen neurolog disord.	the seri follow tom kane, the mayor of chicago, who ha recent been diagnos with a degen neurolog disord. determin to remain in charg, kane conceal the diseas from everyon around him except hi own physician, dr ella harri.	
the vow	romanc, drama,health	a car accid put paig in a coma, and when she wake up with sever memori loss, her husband leo work to win her heart again.	-	a car accid put paig in a coma, and when she wake up with sever memori loss, her husband leo work to win her heart again.	
shanghai knight	comedi, fantasi, action, adventur,fight,histor,goofi	when a chines rebel murder chon's estrang father and escap to england, chon and roi make their wai to london with reveng on their mind.	shanghai knight is a 2003 action-comedi film. it is the sequel to shanghai noon  	when a chines rebel murder chon's estrang father and escap to england, chon and roi make their wai to london with reveng on their mind.	
the lord of the ring: the return of the king	fantasi, adventur, action, comedi, war,monster,heroic,villain	aragorn lead the world of men against sauron's armi to draw the dark lord's gaze from frodo and sam who ar on the doorstep of mount doom with the on ring.	the lord of the ring: the return of the king is a 2003 epic[2][3] fantasi-drama film direct by peter jackson that is base on the second and third volum of j. r. r. tolkien's the lord of the ring. it is the conclud film in the lord of the ring film trilogi, follow the fellowship of the ring (2001) and the two tower (2002).  as sauron launch the final stage of hi conquest of middl-earth, gandalf the wizard, and thŽoden king of rohan ralli their forc to help defend gondor's capit mina tirith from the loom threat. aragorn final claim the throne of gondor and summon an armi of ghost to help him defeat sauron. ultim, even with full strength of arm, thei realis thei cannot win; so it come down to the hobbit, frodo and sam, to bear the burden of the ring and deal with the treacheri of gollum. after a long journei thei final arriv in the danger land of mordor, seek to destroi the on ring in the place it wa creat, the volcan fire of mount doom	aragorn lead the world of men against sauron's armi to draw the dark lord's gaze from frodo and sam who ar on the doorstep of mount doom with the on ring.	
countri strong	romanc, drama, music	a rise countri-music songwrit work with a fallen star to work their wai fame, caus romant complic along the wai.	countri strong (origin titl love donÕt let me down) is a 2010 drama film star gwyneth paltrow, tim mcgraw, garrett hedlund, and leighton meester. the film, about an emotion unstabl countri music star who attempt to resurrect her career	a rise countri-music songwrit work with a fallen star to work their wai fame, caus romant complic along the wai.	
the smurf	anim, children, comedi,surreal,villain,magic	when the evil wizard gargamel chase the tini blue smurf out of their villag, thei tumbl from their magic world into new york citi.	a belgian comic and televis franchis center on a group of small blue fiction creatur call smurf, creat and first introduc as a seri of comic strip by the belgian cartoonist peyo (pen name of pierr culliford) on octob 23, 1958. in total, there ar 101 'smurf', whose name ar base on adject that emphas their characterist, e.g. 'jokei smurf', who like to plai practic joke on hi fellow smurf, 'clumsi smurf', who ha a habit of creat havoc unintention, and 'smurfett' -- the onli femal member of the smurf.	when the evil wizard gargamel chase the tini blue smurf out of their villag, thei tumbl from their magic world into new york citi.	
camelot	fantasi, adventur, action, war,heroic,mythic	king uther di suddenli. britain is face chao. the sorcer merlin appoint the not so known son and heir arthur as the king who wa rais as a common, but hi half sister ha other plan. arthur face tough time and will be test beyond imagin.	camelot wa a histor-fantasi-drama televis seri	king uther di suddenli. britain is face chao. the sorcer merlin appoint the not so known son and heir arthur as the king who wa rais as a common, but hi half sister ha other plan. arthur face tough time and will be test beyond imagin.	
the muppet	children, comedi,goofi	with the help of three fan, the muppet must reunit to save their old theater from a greedi oil tycoon.	the muppet ar a group of puppet charact creat by jim henson start in 1954Ð55. although the term is often us to refer to ani puppet that resembl the distinct style of the muppet show children	with the help of three fan, the muppet must reunit to save their old theater from a greedi oil tycoon.	
the karat kid	action, drama, teen, comedi,fight,martial	work caus a singl mother to move to china with her young son; in hi new home, the boi embrac kung fu, taught to him by a master.	the karat kid (chines: ___; liter "the kung fu dream"; sometim karat kid 5[4]) is a 2010 american martial art comedi drama film and remak of the 1984 film of the same name.	work caus a singl mother to move to china with her young son; in hi new home, the boi embrac kung fu, taught to him by a master.	
transform: reveng of the fallen	action, adventur, sci-fi,futurist,fight,robot,monster,alien	sam witwicki leav the autobot behind for a normal life. but when hi mind is fill with cryptic symbol, the decepticon target him and he is drag back into the transform' war.	transform: reveng of the fallen is a 2009 american scienc fiction action film direct by michael bai and produc by steven spielberg. it is a sequel to 2007's transform and the second instal in the live-action transform seri. the plot revolv around sam witwicki (shia labeouf), the man caught in the war between two faction of alien robot, the autobot and the decepticon. sam is have hallucinatori episod of cybertronian symbol, and is be hunt by the decepticon under the order of their long-trap leader, the fallen, who seek to get reveng on earth by find and activ a machin that would provid the decepticon with an energon sourc, destroi the sun and all life on earth in the process.	sam witwicki leav the autobot behind for a normal life. but when hi mind is fill with cryptic symbol, the decepticon target him and he is drag back into the transform' war.	
what happen in vega	romanc, comedi	a man and a woman ar compel, for legal reason, to live life as a coupl for a limit period of time. at stake is a larg amount of monei.	what happen in vega is a 2008 american romant comedi film from 20th centuri fox star cameron diaz and ashton kutcher	a man and a woman ar compel, for legal reason, to live life as a coupl for a limit period of time. at stake is a larg amount of monei.	
taken	action, crime,justic,heroic,violenc	a retir cia agent travel across europ and reli on hi old skill to save hi estrang daughter, who wa kidnap on a trip to pari to be sold into prostitut.	taken is a 2008 french thriller film produc by luc besson, star liam neeson, maggi grace and famk janssen. the screenplai wa written by besson and robert mark kamen, and direct by pierr morel. neeson plai a former central intellig agenc (cia) oper who set about track down hi daughter after she is kidnap by human traffick while travel in franc	a retir cia agent travel across europ and reli on hi old skill to save hi estrang daughter, who wa kidnap on a trip to pari to be sold into prostitut.	
grown up	comedi, sport,basketbal	after their high school basketbal coach pass awai, five good friend and former teammat reunit for a fourth of juli holidai weekend.	grown up is a 2010 american buddi comedi film 	after their high school basketbal coach pass awai, five good friend and former teammat reunit for a fourth of juli holidai weekend.	
i love jenni	famili, realiti, music	follow the live of mexican-american sing sensat jenni rivera and her big, loud, funni famili.	i love jenni is a mexican-american realiti televis seri, observ and document the person and profession live of mexican-american singer jenni rivera and those close to her	follow the live of mexican-american sing sensat jenni rivera and her big, loud, funni famili.	
bellat fight championship	sport, competit,fight	-	bellat fight championship (bellat) is the 2nd largest mix martial art (mma) promot in the usa[2] and the largest tournament-base mma organ in the world. headquart in newport beach, california, the compani wa form in 2008 by chairman and ceo bjorn rebnei. bellatÕs event ar primarili structur around a tournament format that allow competitor the opportun to fight for a world championship in their desir weight class. fighter determin their own path by win tournament fight until a winner from the eight man field is crown. the tournament winner is declar the number on contend and is award a check for $100,000 and a shot at the reign world champion	fighter determin their own path by win tournament fight until a winner from the eight man field is crown. the tournament winner is declar the number on contend and is award a check for $100,000 and a shot at the reign world champion.	
nascar race	sport, auto,race	-	the nation associ for stock car auto race (nascar) is a famili-own and -oper busi ventur that sanction and govern multipl auto race sport event. it wa found by bill franc, sr. in 1947Ð48. as of 2009, the ceo for the compani is brian franc, grandson of bill franc, sr.[1] nascar is the largest sanction bodi of stock car race in the unit state.[2] the three largest race seri sanction by nascar ar the sprint cup seri, the nationwid seri, and the camp world truck seri. it also overse nascar local race, the whelen modifi tour, the whelen all-american seri, and the nascar irac.com seri. nascar sanction over 1500 race at over 100 track in 39 us state and canada. nascar ha present exhibit race at the suzuka and motegi circuit in japan, mexico, and calder park racewai in australia	driver compet in stock car on variou track throughout the usa for the sprint cup nation championship.	
my classic car	auto, documentari	-	the seri featur major classic automobil show and collect, usual in the unit state but occasion in other countri, includ canada and the unit kingdom. some episod focu on celebr and prolif car collector such as talk show host jai leno. everi episod also featur a segment now sponsor by autogeek garag, a sourc for auto detail suppli, car wax, car care product, car polish, auto accessori, polish, and car detail tool.	the seri featur major classic automobil show and collect, usual in the unit state but occasion in other countri, includ canada and the unit kingdom.	
car crazi	auto, documentari	-	car crazi is a speed channel televis seri about automot enthusiast, host by barri meguiar, presid and ceo of the meguiar's car care product empir. each episod featur variou interview with automot enthusiast, which barri refer as 'car gui'. some episod also featur meguiar's award.  in each episod, barri express the joi of be a "car gui" in missionari fashion. on variou occas, barri ha claim that hi "car hobbi" is a form of incur diseas, and it is hi job to spread thi 'diseas' to all over the world. barri claim the 'diseas' is also genet inherit	host by barri meguiar, car crazi is a speed channel televis seri about automot enthusiast.  each episod featur variou interview with automot enthusiast, which barri refer as 'car gui'.	
my ride rule	auto, realiti, competit	-	three contest judg each other' car and vote on who ha the best car.  winner receiv a big reward.	three contest judg each other' car and vote on who ha the best car.  winner receiv a big reward.	
dumbest stuff on wheel	auto, comedi, realiti,debaucheri,goofi	-	video of stupid peopl do stupid thing on motorcycl, car, atv, and improvis vehicl.	video of stupid peopl do stupid thing on motorcycl, car, atv, and improvis vehicl.	
101 car you must drive	auto, comedi, documentari	-	101 car you must drive wa[1] a speed tv program host by actor and comedian alonzo bodden. the premis of the program is that there will be (at least) 101 car, and that all 5 car within a particular episod can be link to on anoth in some fashion	host by actor and comedian alonzo bodden, the premis of the program is that there will be (at least) 101 car, and that all 5 car within a particular episod can be link to on anoth in some fashion.	
formula on race	sport, auto,race	-	a formula on race or grand prix is a sport event which take place over three dai (usual fridai to sundai), with a seri of practic and qualifi session prior to a race on sundai.  current regul provid for two free practic session on fridai, a practic session and a qualifi session on saturdai, and the race on sundai, though the structur of the weekend ha chang numer time over the histori of the sport.	top driver in the world compet on street cours race circuit in exot locat.	
the last word with lawrenc o'donnel	new, commentari,polit	-	the last word with lawrenc o'donnel is an hour-long weeknight (mon-thur) new and polit commentari program on msnbc. the program air live at 10:00 p.m. eastern time mondai-thursdai, and is host by lawrenc o'donnel.[1] o'donnel is describ by msnbc as "provid the last word on the biggest issu and most compel stori of the dai."	new and polit commentari.	
the ed show	new, commentari	-	the ed show is an hour-long weeknight new commentari program on msnbc. the program is host by ed schultz, who host the nation syndic radio program	new commentari host by ed schultz.	
the rachel maddow show	new, commentari	air america's liber talk show host discuss current event, with an emphasi on polit.	the rachel maddow show is a new and opinion televis program that air weeknight on msnbc at 9:00Êpm et. it is host by rachel maddow, who gain popular with her frequent appear as a liber pundit on variou msnbc program	air america's liber talk show host discuss current event, with an emphasi on polit.	
my cat from hell	realiti, natur	-	my cat from hell is a realiti televis program produc by 3 ball product for anim planet that premier in mai 2011 and is current run. it star jackson galaxi, a cat trainer (behaviorist hold degre in behavior scienc, jackson doesn't have on or ani formal train) who visit the home of cat ownerÑusual couplÑin order to resolv conflict between either the human owner and their cat or between multipl anim.	a realiti televis program star jackson galaxi, a cat trainer, who visit the home of cat ownerÑusual couplÑin order to resolv conflict between either the human owner and their cat or between multipl anim.	
ocean	drama, documentari, natur	an ecolog drama/documentari, film throughout the globe. part thriller, part medit on the vanish wonder of the sub-aquat world.	-	an ecolog drama/documentari, film throughout the globe. part thriller, part medit on the vanish wonder of the sub-aquat world.	
call of the wildman	realiti, natur	-	call of the wildman is an american realiti televis seri that air on the anim planet network. the second season of the seri is current air. the show follow the exploit of kentucki woodsman erni brown, jr., nicknam "the turtleman". aid by hi friend, neal jame, and hi dog, lolli, brown oper a nuisanc anim remov busi, catch the anim without harm them and releas them back into the wild.	an american realiti televis seri that follow the exploit of kentucki woodsman erni brown, jr., nicknam "the turtleman". aid by hi friend, neal jame, and hi dog, lolli, brown oper a nuisanc anim remov busi, catch the anim without harm them and releas them back into the wild.	
the crimson wing: mysteri of the flamingo	documentari, natur	the mysteri live of flamingo ar captur on film with a bird-ey view of the anim live in africa.	the crimson wing: mysteri of the flamingo (french: le ail pourprÊ: le mystre de flamant) is a 2008 british-french-american natur documentari from the walt disnei motion pictur group's natur film label disneynatur	the mysteri live of flamingo ar captur on film with a bird-ey view of the anim live in africa.	
wild pacif	documentari, natur	a documentari seri on life in and adapt to the condit of the southern part of the pacif ocean, a vast aquat region with an unequ number of island. both wildlif and human cultur develop in a uniqu varieti, larg determin by such natur condit as huge distanc, sea depth, current and wind.	-	a documentari seri on life in and adapt to the condit of the southern part of the pacif ocean, a vast aquat region with an unequ number of island. both wildlif and human cultur develop in a uniqu varieti, larg determin by such natur condit as huge distanc, sea depth, current and wind.	
frozen planet	documentari, natur	focus on life and the environ in both the arctic and antarct.	the seven-part seri focus on life and the environ in both the arctic and antarct. the product team were keen to film a comprehens record of the natur histori of the polar region, becaus climat chang is affect landform such as glacier, ic shelv, and the extent of sea ic. the film wa met with critic acclaim and hold a metacrit score of 90/100.[5] despit such, it ha been critic for limit coverag of the effect of global warm and attribut of recent climat chang.	focus on life and the environ in both the arctic and antarct.	
infest!	documentari, natur	the true stori of peopl whose home were infest by anim rang from ant and spider to raccoon and snake ar told through reenact, with the victim themselv particip.	-	the true stori of peopl whose home were infest by anim rang from ant and spider to raccoon and snake ar told through reenact, with the victim themselv particip.	
pit bull and parole	realiti, natur,pet	on 17 acr villalobo rescu center is the largest pit bull rescu in the usa. thi show show the interact of the dog and man; about pet and peopl that no on want.	pit bull & parole is a realiti show televis on the american anim planet cabl channel. it premier on octob 30, 2009, attract over 16 million uniqu viewer sinc it debut. the show featur the villalobo rescu center, the unit state' largest pit bull anim shelter, with approxim 150 to 200 dog.	on 17 acr villalobo rescu center is the largest pit bull rescu in the usa. thi show show the interact of the dog and man; about pet and peopl that no on want.	
geraldo at larg	commentari	-	geraldo at larg is a unit state televis newsmagazin, host by fox new correspond-at-larg and former talk show host geraldo rivera	geraldo at larg is a unit state televis newsmagazin, host by fox new correspond-at-larg and former talk show host geraldo rivera.	
justic with judg jeanin	commentari,justic,crimin	-	justic with judg jeanin is a fox new channel show host by jeanin pirro. the show air on saturdai at 9pm. the show present judg pirro's legal insight on the new of the week lead of the show, high profil case, and other recent new, trend, and issu within the scope of crime and justic. the show premier in januari 2011.	jthe show present judg pirro's legal insight on the new of the week lead of the show, high profil case, and other recent new, trend, and issu within the scope o.ed in januari 2011.	
huckabe	commentari	-	huckabe is a tv polit commentari program on fox new host by former republican arkansa governor mike huckabe.	huckabe is a tv polit commentari program on fox new host by former republican arkansa governor mike huckabe.	
hanniti	commentari	talk show cover polit and daili new on weeknight.	hanniti is a televis show on the fox new network, a replac to the long-run show hanniti & colm. it is host by conserv polit pundit sean hanniti.	talk show cover polit and daili new on weeknight.	
on the record with greta van susteren	commentari	-	on the record is an american current affair televis program on the fox new channel.	on the record is an american current affair televis program on the fox new channel.	
the o'reilli factor	commentari	fox new channel new and talk show.	the o'reilli factor, origin titl the o'reilli report from 1996 to 1998[1] and often call the factor, is an american talk show on the fox new channel host by comment bill o'reilli, who often discuss current controversi polit issu with guest.	fox new channel new and talk show.	
fox new watch	commentari, new	fox new channel commentari show.	the show featur a panel compos of two conserv and two liber, moder by scott. similar in premis to cnn's reliabl sourc, the panel on fox new watch discuss how the media portrai certain new stori from the previou week. panelist also discuss the overal condit of the american new media, such as the newspap, cabl new network, broadcast network, and other popular new outlet.	fox new channel commentari show.	
rehab with dr. drew	health, realiti,therapi,drug	eight celebr check into rehab under dr. drew for 21 dai.	celebr rehab with dr. drew, later call simpli rehab with dr. drew is a realiti televis show air on the cabl network vh1 that chronicl a group of peopl as thei ar treat for alcohol and drug addict by dr. drew pinski and hi staff at the pasadena recoveri center in pasadena, california.	eight celebr check into rehab under dr. drew for 21 dai.	
behind the music	documentari, music,celebr	music artist, their career, their high, their low and everyth in between ar profil and interview.	behind the music is a televis seri on vh1. it origin ran from 1997 to 2006, befor it wa stop and onli air new episod sporad. the seri place it gener on document of music artist or group who ar interview and profil, and discuss how their career becam success and what hardship thei undertook.	music artist, their career, their high, their low and everyth in between ar profil and interview.	
cake boss	realiti,cook,goofi	the staff of carlo's bakeri in hoboken, new jersei, led by buddi valastro, show how it prepar elabor theme cake for variou occas. each episod typic featur the prepar of two cake for event includ recept, chariti event and theme parti as well as wed and birthdai.		the staff of carlo's bakeri in hoboken, new jersei, led by buddi valastro, show how it prepar elabor theme cake for variou occas. each episod typic featur the prepar of two cake for event includ recept, chariti event and theme parti as well as wed and birthdai.	
pit boss	pet,natur	it's not about pit bull. it's about a foulmouth ex-con with a big heart.	pit boss is an american televis seri docudrama that follow shorti rossi, owner of shorti's rescu, an organ set up for pit bull rescu	it's not about pit bull. it's about a foulmouth ex-con with a big heart.	
mondai night footbal	sport,footbal	coverag of profession footbal featur team from the nation footbal leagu air on mondai night dure the nfl's regular season.	-	coverag of profession footbal featur team from the nation footbal leagu air on mondai night dure the nfl's regular season.	
parenthood	drama,comedi,famili	a famili tree with zeek (craig t. nelson) and camil braverman (bonni bedelia) serv as the patriarch and matriarch. after forti-six year of marriag, thei've manag to keep their foundat intact by buri their problem underneath the surfac for the sake of their now-adult children. adam (peter kraus) is the first-born and the ripest appl the tree ha to offer. he run a shoe compani, ha a support wife, two children (boi and girl) and a beauti home to share with them. he's a dog short of "the american dream". sarah (lauren graham), is the unstabl daughter return home at thirti-eight year of ag with her rebelli daughter and sensit son to live with zeek and camil. crosbi (dax shepard), is a happi-go-lucki bachelor live in the now, on a dock boat. he ha no idea that hi frivol life is about to chang tremend. then there is julia (erika christensen). she is the bread-win shot-call lawyer, whose husband man the stai-at-home-dad duti. each famili will face their own challeng, but how thei propos to deal with them is what will keep them togeth or tear them apart.	the show revolv around the braverman famili, which ha expand to three gener, featur patriarch zeek braverman and matriarch camil braverman, their oldest son adam, hi wife and three children, their daughter sarah and her two children, their second son crosbi, hi new wife jasmin and their young son jabbar, and final their daughter julia, her husband, their young daughter sydnei, and their newli adopt young boi, victor.	the show revolv around the braverman famili, which ha expand to three gener, featur patriarch zeek braverman and matriarch camil braverman, their oldest son adam, hi wife and three children, their daughter sarah and her two children, their second son crosbi, hi new wife jasmin and their young son jabbar, and final their daughter julia, her husband, their young daughter sydnei, and their newli adopt young boi, victor.	
project runwai	diva,competit,realiti,fashion	heidi klum host a realiti seri where aspir fashion design compet for a chanc to break into the industri. each week, a design is elimin from the competit after exhibit their work in front of a judg' panel.		heidi klum host a realiti seri where aspir fashion design compet for a chanc to break into the industri. each week, a design is elimin from the competit after exhibit their work in front of a judg' panel.	
hous	drama,medic,comedi,goofi,satir,mysteri	an antisoci maverick doctor who special in diagnost medicin doe whatev it take to solv puzzl case that come hi wai us hi crack team of doctor and hi wit.		an antisoci maverick doctor who special in diagnost medicin doe whatev it take to solv puzzl case that come hi wai us hi crack team of doctor and hi wit.	
tmz	new,gossip,celebr	-	the seri deliv most of it stori in a humor manner, mainli about certain celebr, and featur tongu-in-cheek joke and doubl entendr, though more seriou entertain stori (e.g., break entertain stori, celebr death) often warrant a seriou tone. piec often featur archiv clip from tv seri and movi often for comed effect, though thei mai sometim be us to refer a project that an entertain is known for perform in. mani piec ar shown in the "man on the street"-type question and answer format synonym with paparazzi, though some celebr do not answer certain question ask to them by the videograph; a common recur refer within the program is how certain tmz videograph sometim ask extrem trivial or bad question to their subject.	all the latest gossip on celebr!	
666 park avenu	drama,paranorm,surreal,ghost,suspens	at 666 park avenu, all of your dream and burn desir can come true: wealth, sex, love, power, even reveng. but just be care what you wish for, becaus the price you pai... could be your soul. welcom to the drake, the premier apart build on manhattan's upper east side. own by the mysteri gavin doran (terri o'quinn - lost) and hi sexi wife olivia (vanessa william - desper housew), the drake is home to dozen of resid who ar unawar thei're live in the dark embrac of supernatur forc. thei think their dream ar all come true, onli to find thei've been lure into make, what feel like, a deal with the devil. when a young mid-western coupl - jane van veen (rachael taylor - charli's angel, grei's anatomi) and henri martin (dave annabl - brother & sister) - is hire to manag the drake, thei soon discov that evil, obsess, and manipul ha a home. allow yourself to be seduc by 666 park avenu, and unravel the mysteri of thi devilish new drama	666 park avenu is an american drama seri star rachael taylor, dave annabl, vanessa william and terri o'quinn. the seri wa creat and produc by david wilcox, and wa base upon the novel of the same name by gabriella pierc. the seri follow a coupl who learn that the manhattan apart build that thei just move into, includ it upscal tenant, might be possess by a mysteri demon forc	666 park avenu is an american drama seri star rachael taylor, dave annabl, vanessa william and terri o'quinn. the seri wa creat and produc by david wilcox, and wa base upon the novel of the same name by gabriella pierc. the seri follow a coupl who learn that the manhattan apart build that thei just move into, includ it upscal tenant, might be possess by a mysteri demon forc.	
crimin mind	polic,drama,mysteri,crime,crimin,violenc	an elit group of profil analyz the nation's most danger crimin mind in an effort to anticip their next move befor thei strike again	crimin mind is an american polic procedur televis program that premier septemb 22, 2005, on cb. the seri follow a team of profil from the fbi's behavior analysi unit (bau) base in quantico, virginia. the bau is part of the fbi nation center for the analysi of violent crime.[1] the show differ from mani procedur drama by focus on the crimin rather than the crime itself	an elit group of profil analyz the nation's most danger crimin mind in an effort to anticip their next move befor thei strike again.	
jessi	teen,famili,sitcom	a texan teen move to new york citi to follow her dream and end up as a nanni for a high profil coupl's four children	jessi is an american televis sitcom which premier on septemb 30, 2011 on the disnei channel.  the seri wa creat and execut produc by pamela eell o'connel and star debbi ryan as jessi, a small town texa girl who move to new york citi and becom a nanni to a high profil coupl's four children plai by peyton list, cameron boyc, karan brar and skai jackson	a disnei channel show of a texan teen who move to new york citi to follow her dream and end up as a nanni for a high profil coupl's four children.	
nashvil	music,teen	a fade nashvil superstar is forc to team up with a teen sensat or face the loss of her tour and promot of her latest record		a fade nashvil superstar is forc to team up with a teen sensat or face the loss of her tour and promot of her latest record.	
pretti littl liar	mysteri,drama,suspens,spy	four friend band togeth against an anonym foe who threaten to reveal their darkest secret, whilst unravel the mysteri of the murder of their best friend	set in the fictit town of rosewood, pennsylvania, the seri follow the live of spencer hast (troian bellisario), hanna marin (ashlei benson), aria montgomeri (luci hale) and emili field (shai mitchel), four girl whose cliqu fall apart after the disappear of their queen bee, alison dilaurenti (sasha pieters). on year later, thei begin receiv messag from a mysteri figur us the name "a" who threaten to expos their secret. at first thei think it's alison herself, but after she is found dead, the girl realiz that someon els know their secretÑinclud long-hidden on thei thought onli alison knew	set in the fictit town of rosewood, pennsylvania, the seri follow the live of spencer hast (troian bellisario), hanna marin (ashlei benson), aria montgomeri (luci hale) and emili field (shai mitchel), four girl whose cliqu fall apart after the disappear of their queen bee, alison dilaurenti (sasha pieters). on year later, thei begin receiv messag from a mysteri figur us the name "a" who threaten to expos their secret. at first thei think it's alison herself, but after she is found dead, the girl realiz that someon els know their secretÑinclud long-hidden on thei thought onli alison knew.	
dexter	drama,violenc,crimin,polic,crime,horror	a likeabl miami polic forens expert moonlight as a serial killer of crimin who he believ have escap justic	dexter is an american televis drama seri that debut on showtim on octob 1, 2006. the seri center on dexter morgan (michael c. hall), a blood spatter pattern analyst for the fiction miami metro polic depart (base on the real life miami-dade polic depart) who moonlight as a serial killer. set in miami, the show's first season wa larg base on the novel darkli dream dexter by jeff lindsai, the first of hi dexter seri novel	a likeabl miami polic forens expert moonlight as a serial killer of crimin who he believ have escap justic	
true blood	drama,violenc,paranorm,vampir,magic,debaucheri,mythic	in a world where vampir have "come out of the coffin", sooki stackhous, a telepath waitress, discov a new world of differ creatur when she meet bill compton, a vampir	the fiction univers depict in the seri is premis on the notion that vampir (and other supernatur creatur) ar live among us, unbenownst to the major of human until two year ago, when the creation of synthet blood (aka 'tru blood') by japanes scientist allow vampir to come out of the coffin (a term coin as a plai on "come out of the closet") and reveal their exist to the world on the basi that thei no longer need to feed on human to surviv.e-1 thi so-call 'great revel' ha split the vampir of the world into two camp: those who wish to integr into human societi (aka 'mainstream') by campaign for citizenship and equal right,e-1 and those who think that human-vampir co-exist is imposs becaus it is in conflict with the inher violent natur of vampir. throughout the seri, other supernatur creatur ar also introduc, among them shapeshift, werewolv, fairi, witch and a maenad	the fiction univers depict in the seri is premis on the notion that vampir (and other supernatur creatur) ar live among us, unbenownst to the major of human until two year ago, when the creation of synthet blood (aka 'tru blood') by japanes scientist allow vampir to come out of the coffin (a term coin as a plai on "come out of the closet") and reveal their exist to the world on the basi that thei no longer need to feed on human to surviv.e-1 thi so-call 'great revel' ha split the vampir of the world into two camp: those who wish to integr into human societi (aka 'mainstream') by campaign for citizenship and equal right,e-1 and those who think that human-vampir co-exist is imposs becaus it is in conflict with the inher violent natur of vampir. throughout the seri, other supernatur creatur ar also introduc, among them shapeshift, werewolv, fairi, witch and a maenad.	
happi end	sitcom,comedi,goofi	thi chicago-set sitcom follow the intertwin live of six young urbanit try to learn the rope of adulthood. through breakup and whatev other curv-ball life throw them, the pal stick togeth	happi end follow the live of six close-knit friend live in chicago: marri yuppi, businessman brad (damon wayan jr.) and type-a control freak jane (eliza coup); ditzi alex (elisha cuthbert), a happi-go-lucki boutiqu owner and jane's younger sister; wannab culinari pioneer dave (zachari knighton), a food truck owner who us to be engag to alex; slacker manchild max (adam palli), who deal with try to hold a job and maintain a consist relationship; and serial date singleton penni (casei wilson), who fear she's forev doom for spinsterhood.	thi chicago-set sitcom follow the intertwin live of six young urbanit try to learn the rope of adulthood. through breakup and whatev other curv-ball life throw them, the pal stick togeth.	
son of anarchi	auto,famili,drama,motorcycl,crimin	a man in hi earli 30s struggl to find a balanc in hi life between be a new dad and hi involv in a motorcycl club.	son of anarchi is an american televis drama seri creat by kurt sutter about the live of a close-knit outlaw motorcycl club oper in charm, a fiction town in california's central vallei. the show center on protagonist jackson "jax" teller (charli hunnam), the then-vice presid of the club who begin question the club and himself	a man in hi earli 30s struggl to find a balanc in hi life between be a new dad and hi involv in a motorcycl club.	
suburgatori	surreal,famili,bizarr	a teenag girl move from the citi to the suburb	the seri follow georg altman, a singl father who decid to get awai from new york citi to the suburb so he can give hi teenag daughter, tessa, a better life. howev, their move to the suburb ha the daughter wonder if thei just enter the world of the stepford wive after thei see how "perfect" their new local is, right down to the neighbor who welcom them into the cul-de-sac.	the seri follow georg altman, a singl father who decid to get awai from new york citi to the suburb so he can give hi teenag daughter, tessa, a better life. howev, their move to the suburb ha the daughter wonder if thei just enter the world of the stepford wive after thei see how "perfect" their new local is, right down to the neighbor who welcom them into the cul-de-sac.	
beauti and the beast	polic,mythic,drama,mysteri,magic,monster		detect catherin chandler is a smart, no-nonsens homicid detect. when she wa a teenag, she wit the murder of her mother at the hand of two gunmen and herself wa save by someon Ð or someth. year have pass and while investig a murder, catherin discov a clue that lead her to vincent keller, who wa reportedli kill in 2002. catherin learn that vincent is actual still aliv and that it wa he who save her mani year befor. for mysteri reason that have forc him to live outsid of tradit societi, vincent ha been in hide for the past 10 year to guard hi secret Ð when he is enrag, he becom a terrifi beast, unabl to control hi super-strength and heighten sens	detect catherin chandler is a smart, no-nonsens homicid detect. when she wa a teenag, she wit the murder of her mother at the hand of two gunmen and herself wa save by someon Ð or someth. year have pass and while investig a murder, catherin discov a clue that lead her to vincent keller, who wa reportedli kill in 2002. catherin learn that vincent is actual still aliv and that it wa he who save her mani year befor. for mysteri reason that have forc him to live outsid of tradit societi, vincent ha been in hide for the past 10 year to guard hi secret Ð when he is enrag, he becom a terrifi beast, unabl to control hi super-strength and heighten sens.	
supernatur	paranorm,crimin,heroic,villain,goofi,comedi,ghost,vampir,drama,action	thi televis drama is about two brother, sam and dean, who were rais by their father, john, to hunt and kill all thing that go "bump in the night" after hi wife, mari, wa murder by someth supernatur evil when the boi were young. 22 year later the brother set out on a journei, fight evil along the wai, to find their recent miss father who, when thei final meet up with, reveal he know what kill their mother, a demon, and ha found a wai to track and kill it. meanwhil, sam start to develop frighten abil that includ death vision, vision of peopl dy befor it actual happen. these vision ar somehow connect to the demon who murder hi mother and it's mysteri plan that seem to be all about sam. when their father di strike a deal with the veri same devil that had kill hi wife, the brother, now alon and without their mentor	the seri focus primarili on the brother sam and dean winchest, plai by jare padalecki and jensen ackl, as thei travel throughout the countri hunt down evil supernatur creatur, mostli demon	thi televis drama is about two brother, sam and dean, who were rais by their father, john, to hunt and kill all thing that go "bump in the night" after hi wife, mari, wa murder by someth supernatur evil when the boi were young. 22 year later the brother set out on a journei, fight evil along the wai, to find their recent miss father who, when thei final meet up with, reveal he know what kill their mother, a demon, and ha found a wai to track and kill it. meanwhil, sam start to develop frighten abil that includ death vision, vision of peopl dy befor it actual happen. these vision ar somehow connect to the demon who murder hi mother and it's mysteri plan that seem to be all about sam. when their father di strike a deal with the veri same devil that had kill hi wife, the brother, now alon and without their mentor.	
the walk dead	paranorm,postapocalypt,horror,surreal,suspens,drama,action,monster	polic offic rick grime lead a group of survivor in a world overrun by zombi	base on the comic book seri of the same name, the walk dead tell the stori of a small group of survivor live in the aftermath of a zombi apocalyps. most of the stori take place in the atlanta metropolitan area, and then the surround countrysid of northern georgia, as the survivor search for a safe haven awai from the shuffl hord of predatori "walker" (as the zombi ar refer to in the show) who devour ani live thing thei catch, and whose bite is infecti to human. the plot is focus primarili on the dilemma the group face as thei struggl to balanc their human with their surviv against the zombi hord, and later, how thei cope with member be kill and deal with other human survivor thei encount, mani of whom ar danger and predatori themselv	polic offic rick grime lead a group of survivor in a world overrun by zombi.	
the vampir diari	vampir,drama,paranorm	the vampir brother damon and stefan salvator, etern adolesc, have been lead 'normal' live, hide their bloodthirsti condit, for centuri, move on befor their non-ag is notic. thei ar back in the virginia town where thei becam vampir. stefan is nobl, deni himself blood to avoid kill, and tri to control hi evil brother damon. stefan fall in love with schoolgirl elena, whose best friend is a witch, like her grandma	the seri is set in the fiction town of mystic fall, virginia, a town charg with supernatur histori sinc it settlement of migrant from new england in the late 17th centuri. other stori line revolv around the other inhabit of the town, most notabl elena's younger brother jeremi gilbert (steven r. mcqueen), her best friend bonni bennett (katerina graham) and carolin forb (candic accola) and their mutual friend tyler lockwood (michael trevino) and matt donovan (zach roerig). the town's polit ar orchestr by descend of the origin found famili, all compris a "founder' council". some of the found famili of mystic fall includ the salvator, the gilbert, the fell, the forb and the lockwood. thei guard the town mainli from vampir, although there ar other supernatur threat such as werewolv, witch and ghost and hybrid	the vampir brother damon and stefan salvator, etern adolesc, have been lead 'normal' live, hide their bloodthirsti condit, for centuri, move on befor their non-ag is notic. thei ar back in the virginia town where thei becam vampir. stefan is nobl, deni himself blood to avoid kill, and tri to control hi evil brother damon. stefan fall in love with schoolgirl elena, whose best friend is a witch, like her grandma.	
fring	polic,drama,mysteri,futurist,surreal,sci-fi	the fbi team up with a formerli-institution scientist - who wa perform experi on the fring of real scienc - and hi son to investig weird crime that ar seemingli part of a larger pattern, and mai be connect with a global compani call massiv dynam	fring follow the casework of the fring divis, a joint feder task forc support primarili by the feder bureau of investig, which includ agent olivia dunham; dr. walter bishop, the archetyp mad scientist; and peter bishop, walter's estrang son and jack-of-all-trade. thei ar support by phillip broyl, the forc's director, and agent astrid farnsworth, who assist walter in laboratori research. the fring divis investig case relat to fring scienc, rang from transhumanist experi gone wrong to the prospect of a destruct technolog singular to a possibl collis of two parallel univers. the fring divis's work often intersect with advanc biotechnolog develop by a compani call massiv dynam, found by walter's former partner, dr. william bell, and run by their common friend, nina sharp. the team is also watch silent by a group of bald, pale men who ar call "observ"	the fbi team up with a formerli-institution scientist - who wa perform experi on the fring of real scienc - and hi son to investig weird crime that ar seemingli part of a larger pattern, and mai be connect with a global compani call massiv dynam.	
nikita	spy,drama	when she wa a deepli troubl teenag, nikita wa rescu from death row by a secret u.s. agenc known onli as divis, who fake her execut and told her she wa be given a second chanc to start a new life and serv her countri. what thei didn't tell her wa that she wa be train as a spy and assassin. throughout her gruel train at divis, nikita never lost her human, even fall in love with a civilian. when her fiancŽ wa murder, nikita realiz she had been betrai and her dream shatter by the onli peopl she thought she could trust, so she did what no on els befor her had been abl to do: she escap. now, after three year in hide, nikita is seek retribut and make it clear to her former boss that she will stop at noth to expos and destroi their covert oper	the seri center on a secret govern-fund organ known as divis. recruit young peopl with troubl background, divis eras all evid of their past live and mold them into effici spi and assassin. have broken awai from the govern, divis now perform oper for their own gain, hurt their countri if need be. howev, nikita, a divis agent, ha gone rogu after her civilian fiancŽ is kill by divis. she make it her mission to bring divis down.	the seri center on a secret govern-fund organ known as divis. recruit young peopl with troubl background, divis eras all evid of their past live and mold them into effici spi and assassin.	
glee	music,drama,comedi	when a high school spanish teacher, will schuester, becom the director of the school's fail glee club, new direct, he hope to be abl to rejuven it. the club compet in the choir competit circuit. it's been call "a high school music for adult", the seri follow the club and it mixtur of oddbal member as thei try and restor it to it former glori. it is a music comedi in which the eager and ambiti student not onli compet to win the nation, but also have to deal with the tough and cruel realiti of their school, mckinlei high. at the same time, will is try to rejuven hi fail love life whilst prevent the school's cheer lead coach sue sylvest from sabotag the choir.	glee is set at the fiction william mckinlei high school in lima, ohio.[6] murphi chose a midwest set as he himself grew up in indiana, and recal childhood visit to ohio to the king island theme park.[7] although set in lima, the show is film at paramount studio in hollywood.[8] murphi ha said that he ha never seen a high school music film, to which glee ha been compar, and that hi interest lai in creat a "postmodern music," rather than "do a show where peopl burst into song," draw more heavili on the format of chicago.[9] murphi intend the show to be a form of escap	when a high school spanish teacher, will schuester, becom the director of the school's fail glee club, new direct, he hope to be abl to rejuven it. the club compet in the choir competit circuit. it's been call "a high school music for adult", the seri follow the club and it mixtur of oddbal member as thei try and restor it to it former glori. it is a music comedi in which the eager and ambiti student not onli compet to win the nation, but also have to deal with the tough and cruel realiti of their school, mckinlei high. at the same time, will is try to rejuven hi fail love life whilst prevent the school's cheer lead coach sue sylvest from sabotag the choir.	
boardwalk empir	drama,histor,crimin,crime	set in the prohibit era of the 1920s boardwalk empir is the stori of enoch "nucki" thompson, the treasur of atlant counti, atlant citi, new jersei. due to hi relationship with mobster as well as polit contact, the feder govern start to take an interest in him. hi lavish lifestyl seem at odd with hi posit, and as well as hi connect, there is prolif bootleg in the area	boardwalk empir is a period drama focus on enoch "nucki" thompson (base on the histor enoch l. johnson),[11] a polit figur who rose to promin and control atlant citi, new jersei, dure the prohibit period of the 1920s and 1930s. nucki interact with sever histor figur in both hi person and polit life, includ mobster, politician, govern agent, and the common folk who look up to him. the feder govern also take an interest in the bootleg and other illeg activ in the area, send agent to investig possibl mob connect but also look at nucki's lifestylÑexpens and lavish for a counti polit figur	set in the prohibit era of the 1920s boardwalk empir is the stori of enoch "nucki" thompson, the treasur of atlant counti, atlant citi, new jersei. due to hi relationship with mobster as well as polit contact, the feder govern start to take an interest in him. hi lavish lifestyl seem at odd with hi posit, and as well as hi connect, there is prolif bootleg in the area.	
scandal	polit,drama,thriller	when you get into troubl there's onli on person to call, olivia pope. olivia is a profession 'fixer' who make problem go awai befor anyon even know thei exist. for the monei, the power and even the presid, olivia is a legend in her field. her spectacular success is mostli due to her unbreak rule of alwai trust your gut. no matter how care you ar, when you do damag control for a live, you're bound to caus some damag to your own life. she and her crew eat, sleep, live and breath crisi. each week, as the team race against the clock to defus intrigu new problem befor thei becom full-blown disast, thei also have to deal with their own person issu. thei mai call themselv 'gladiat in suit', but littl by littl, olivia and her crew begin to reveal the chink in their armor	scandal is an american polit thriller televis seri star kerri washington. creat by shonda rhime, it debut on abc on april 5, 2012.[1] kerri washington's charact, olivia pope, is partial base on former georg bush administr press aid judi smith, who serv as a co-execut produc.[2] the show take place in washington, d.c. and focus on olivia pope's crisi manag firm, pope & associ, and it staff, as well as staff at the white hous	when you get into troubl there's onli on person to call, olivia pope. olivia is a profession 'fixer' who make problem go awai befor anyon even know thei exist. for the monei, the power and even the presid, olivia is a legend in her field. her spectacular success is mostli due to her unbreak rule of alwai trust your gut. no matter how care you ar, when you do damag control for a live, you're bound to caus some damag to your own life. she and her crew eat, sleep, live and breath crisi. each week, as the team race against the clock to defus intrigu new problem befor thei becom full-blown disast, thei also have to deal with their own person issu. thei mai call themselv 'gladiat in suit', but littl by littl, olivia and her crew begin to reveal the chink in their armor.	
blue blood	famili,polic,drama	revolv around a famili of new york cop	the seri follow the irish-american reagan famili of polic offic with the new york citi polic depart (nypd). franci "frank" reagan (tom selleck) is the polic commission. he wa a u.s. marin and a vietnam veteran befor he join the nypd. he is a widow whose son joe di in the line of duti, leav him three remain adult childrenÑdanni, erin, and jami.	the seri follow the irish-american reagan famili of polic offic with the new york citi polic depart (nypd). franci "frank" reagan (tom selleck) is the polic commission. he wa a u.s. marin and a vietnam veteran befor he join the nypd. he is a widow whose son joe di in the line of duti, leav him three remain adult childrenÑdanni, erin, and jami.	
jersei shore	realiti,debaucheri	a realiti-base look at the vapid live of sever new jersei 20-someth and their respect friend and/or hook-up	jersei shore is an american realiti televis seri that premier on mtv on decemb 3, 2009 in the unit state. the seri follow the live of eight housem spend their summer at the jersei shore in the u.s. state of new jersei.  grab your hair gel, wax that cadillac and get those tattoo bicep readi to fist pump with the best thi summer at the jersei shore. mtv's newest docu-soap expos on of the tri-state area's most misunderstood speci, the guido. our guido and guidett will move into the ultim beach hous rental and indulg in everyth the seasid height, new jersei scene ha to offer. beach by dai, danc and parti all night. thei'll live, work, and rage togeth until the summer end. there's no sprai tan too orang, no hair too spike, and no bod too tight for thi crew.	grab your hair gel, wax that cadillac and get those tattoo bicep readi to fist pump with the best thi summer at the jersei shore. mtv's newest docu-soap expos on of the tri-state area's most misunderstood speci, the guido. our guido and guidett will move into the ultim beach hous rental and indulg in everyth the seasid height, new jersei scene ha to offer. beach by dai, danc and parti all night. thei'll live, work, and rage togeth until the summer end. there's no sprai tan too orang, no hair too spike, and no bod too tight for thi crew.	
arrow	heroic,villain,action,mysteri	after a violent shipwreck, billionair playboi oliv queen wa miss and presum dead for five year befor be discov aliv on a remot island in the pacif. when he return home to starl citi, hi devot mother moira, much-belov sister thea, and best friend tommi welcom him home, but thei sens oliv ha been chang by hi ordeal on the island. while oliv hide the truth about the man he's becom, he desper want to make amend for the action he took as the boi he wa. most particularli, he seek reconcili with hi former girlfriend, laurel lanc. as oliv reconnect with those closest to him, he secretli creat the persona of arrow - a vigilant to right the wrong of hi famili, fight the ill of societi, and restor starl citi to it former glori. by dai, oliv plai the role of a wealthi, carefre and careless philander he us to be - flank by hi devot chauffeur/bodyguard, john diggl - while carefulli conceal the secret ident he turn to under cover of dark. howev, laurel's father, detect quentin lanc, is determin to arrest the vigilant oper in hi citi. meanwhil, oliv's own mother, moira, know much more about the deadli shipwreck than she ha let on and is more ruthless than he could ever imagin	the seri follow a billionair playboi oliv queen, portrai by stephen amel, who return home to fight crime and corrupt as the vigilant "arrow" after be strand on a desert island for five year. arrow will also featur appear by other dc comic charact. to assist in promot, a preview comic book wa releas to tie into the televis seri	after a violent shipwreck, billionair playboi oliv queen wa miss and presum dead for five year befor be discov aliv on a remot island in the pacif. when he return home to starl citi oliv ha been chang by hi ordeal on the island. while he hide the truth about the man he's becom, he desper want to make amend for the action he took as the boi he wa. most particularli, he seek reconcili with hi former girlfriend, laurel lanc. as oliv reconnect with those closest to him, he secretli creat the persona of arrow - a vigilant Ð to right the wrong of hi famili, fight the ill of societi, and restor starl citi to it former glori.	
chicago fire	polic,drama	the stori of firefight in chicago	chicago fire is an  american televis drama that is expect to air on the nation broadcast compani (nbc)  after law & order: special victim unit. produc by law & order creator dick wolf, the show follow the live of the firefight and paramed work at the chicago fire depart at the firehous of engin 51, truck 81, squad 3, medic 61, and battalion 25.	no job is more stress, danger or exhilar than those of the firefight, rescu squad and paramed of chicago firehous 51. these ar the courag men and women who forg headfirst into danger when everyon els is run the other wai. but the enorm respons of the job also take a person toll.	
emili owen, m.d.	drama,medic,romanc	a femal medic student realiz that work as an intern in a big hospit is veri much the same as be in high school	the seri follow the life of emili owen (mami gummer), who is a first-year intern at denver memori hospit, where she realiz that her med-school crush will collin (justin hartlei) and her high school nemesi cassandra kopelson (aja naomi king) also work. emili is not onli the new kid onc again, but real life is also just as awkward as high school	at long last, emili owen feel like she is an actual grown-up. she can final put her high school dai as the geeki-girl-with-flop-sweat behind her; sheÕs graduat from medic school and is now a first-year intern at denver memori hospit, where sheÕll have the chanc to work with world-famou cardiologist dr. gina beckett Ð and where, not-so-coincident, her med-school crush will rider is also an intern. so why doe everyon keep warn her that the hospit is just like high school? emili soon find out the hard wai Ð her high school nemesi, the gorgeou, popular cassandra kopelson, is also just start out at denver memori, and it seem like theiÕre rival all over again Ð not onli as surgic intern, but for willÕs attent.	
malibu countri	famili,drama,music	a woman divorc her cheat husband and move her famili from nashvil to malibu. there she'll try to reignit her own sing career and keep herself and three kid from be corrupt by the materialist and rarifi malibu world she now call home	malibu countri is an upcom american sitcom creat by kevin abbott which is execut produc by and star reba mcentir, the seri is schedul to premier on abc.  after find that her husband ha been cheat on her, reba gallagh and her famili move from nashvil, tennesse to malibu, california, in an attempt to restart her music career and start a new chapter in their live.	after find that her husband ha been cheat on her, reba gallagh and her famili move from nashvil, tennesse to malibu, california, in an attempt to restart her music career and start a new chapter in their live.	
partner	drama	two lifelong friend, who ar both architect, form a busi partnership	although thei couldn't be more differ, loui and joe ar lifelong friend and partner in an architectur firm. their "bromanc" is test when joe get engag and loui is in a new relationship	two life-long best friend and busi partner ÒbromancÓ is test when on of them is engag to be marri. joe is an accomplish architect who lead with hi head and not hi heart, especi in hi love life. thatÕs in stark contrast to hi gai co-worker, loui, who is spontan, emot and prone to exagger. both have found joi in their love live: joe is newli engag to ali, while loui is date wyatt. as new of joeÕs engag settl, time will tell if their busi and person bond can adapt to the addit of two other import relationship.	
revolut	postapocalypt,drama,adventur,mysteri,sci-fi	our entir wai of life depend on electr. so what would happen if it just stop work? well, on dai, like a switch turn off, the world is suddenli thrust back into the dark ag. plane fall from the sky, hospit shut down, and commun is imposs. and without ani modern technolog, who can tell us why? now, 15 year later, life is back to what it onc wa long befor the industri revolut: famili live in quiet cul-de-sac, and when the sun goe down lantern and candl ar lit. life is slower and sweeter. or is it? on the fring of small farm commun, danger lurk. and a young woman's life is dramat chang when a local militia arriv and kill her father, who mysteri - and unbeknownst to her - had someth to do with the blackout. thi brutal encount set her and two unlik companion off on a dare come-of-ag journei to find answer about the past in the hope of reclaim the futur	revolut take place in a post-apocalypt dystopian futur. fifteen year earlier, an unknown phenomenon disabl all technolog depend on electr on the planet, rang from comput and electron to car engin, jet engin, and batteri. peopl were forc to adapt to a world without function technolog. due to the collaps of govern and public order, mani area ar rule by warlord and militia. the seri focus on the matheson famili, who possess a special devic (resembl a flash drive) that is the kei to not onli find out what happen fifteen year ago, but also a possibl wai to revers it effect. howev, thei must elud sebastian monro the gener and presid of the monro militia who want to possess that power for himself	a famili struggl to reunit in a post-apocalypt american landscap: a world of empti citi, local militia and heroic freedom fighter, where everi singl piec of technolog -- comput, plane, car, phone, even light -- ha mysteri black out ... forev.	
elementari	polic,drama,mysteri,crime	a modern take on the case of sherlock holm, with the detect now live in new york citi.  follow hi fall from grace in london and a stint in rehab, eccentr sherlock escap to manhattan where hi wealthi father forc him to live with hi worst nightmar Ð a sober companion, dr. watson. a success surgeon until she lost a patient and her licens three year ago, watson view her current job as anoth opportun to help peopl, as well as pai a penanc. holm resum hi work as a polic consult in new york citi and watson ha no choic but to accompani her irasc new charg on hi job. but sherlock find her medic background help, and watson realiz she ha a knack for plai investig. with the mischiev sherlock holm now run free in new yorksolv crime, itÕs simpl deduct that heÕs go to need someon to keep him ground, and itÕs elementari that itÕs a job for watson	in elementari, holm is a former consult to scotland yard, and an addict who travel to new york citi to check into a rehabilit center and stai on in brooklyn with a newli-found sober companion joan watson. robert doherti will serv as an execut produc and the seri' showrunn, with sarah timberman and carl beverli also serv as execut produc.  beverli, who "initi wa the on who brought up the possibl of develop a sherlock show" accord to doherti,[6] spoke about the relationship between sherlock and watson in elementari	follow hi fall from grace in london and a stint in rehab, eccentr sherlock escap to manhattan where hi wealthi father forc him to live with hi worst nightmar Ð a sober companion, dr. watson. a success surgeon until she lost a patient and her licens three year ago, watson view her current job as anoth opportun to help peopl, as well as pai a penanc. holm resum hi work as a polic consult in new york citi and watson ha no choic but to accompani her irasc new charg on hi job. but sherlock find her medic background help, and watson realiz she ha a knack for plai investig. with the mischiev sherlock holm now run free in new yorksolv crime, itÕs simpl deduct that heÕs go to need someon to keep him ground, and itÕs elementari that itÕs a job for watson	
star earn stripe	realiti,militari,polic		star earn stripe is a realiti televis program which premier on nbc.  produc by mark burnett, the seri follow a group of celebr, accompani by current and former member of the unit state arm forc and law enforc, compet in variou challeng for chariti base off actual train exercis us by the u.s. militari. the seri is host by retir nato suprem alli command and former presidenti candid weslei clark and former danc with the star co-host samantha harri	the tv cop who want to prove he can handl a gun in real life. the athlet make the transit from field to battlefield. the singer who want to show how well she can perform under a differ kind of pressur. in thi fierc, entertain and emotion charg new competit honor america's arm forc, nine celebr will gather at a secret train facil where thei will be challeng to execut complic mission inspir by real militari exercis. from helicopt drop into treacher locat to long rang weapon fire, these star will be test physic, mental and emotion - and emerg in aw of the men and women who do such task on behalf of our countri everi dai. from execut produc dick wolf ("law & order" franchis), mark burnett ("survivor," "the voic") and david hurwitz ("fear factor"), thi extraordinari show will donat monei rais through the competit to veteran' chariti. commit to hire recent vet onto the crew, "star earn stripe" hope to inspir other employ throughout the countri to make similar commit to our return hero, not to mention prove how imposs their servic mission realli ar.	
privat practic	medic,drama	a spin-off of the medic drama "grei's anatomi" center on the life of neonat surgeon addison montgomeri	privat practic is an american medic drama televis program which premier on the  american broadcast compani (abc). a spin-off of grei's anatomi, the seri take place at seasid well (formerli oceansid health & well group) and chronicl the life of dr. addison montgomeri, plai by kate walsh, as she leav seattl grace hospit in order to join a privat practic, in lo angel. privat practic also revolv around the addison co-worker at seasid well, formal oceansid well, and how thei deal with patient, and the practic while still find time to live their everydai live.	from the golden globe-win creator of grei's anatomi come an abc drama privat practic. seattl fade into grei as renown surgeon dr. addison montgomeri (kate walsh) aim to reinvent herself. the promis of a simpler golden state of mind ha her work alongsid medic school friend at california's oceansid well center. but is the new life prescript her cure? join addison newli-divorc-but-profession-bound naomi and sam bennet the kissabl pete wilder and violet turner -- a psychiatrist with her own issu -- as affair of the heart bring on symptom of love lust and high drama in a journei worth take. in april 2012, the show move to tuesdai night.	
southland	polic,drama		southland take a "raw and authent look" at lo angel and the live of the lapd offic who polic it. the show's first season center on the experi and interact of lapd patrol offic and detect, and is more a charact-driven drama than a polic procedur. among the charact ar rooki offic ben sherman and hi train offic, john cooper; detect lydia adam, who must balanc work with respons as a mother; offic chicki brown, who aspir to be the first woman on the lapd's elit swat team; and detect sammi bryant, whose home life interfer with hi work life.	from emmi award winner john well, ann biderman and chri chulack come a raw and authent look at a polic unit in lo angel. from the beach of malibu to the street of east lo angel, "southland" is a fast-move drama that will take viewer insid the live of cop, crimin, victim and their famili.	
american horror stori	horror,drama,suspens,mysteri,paranorm	a famili of three move from boston to lo angel as a mean of reconcil their past anguish. thei move to a restor mansion, unawar that the home is haunt	american horror stori is a horror-drama televis seri.  the first season center on the harmon famili: ben, vivien and their daughter violet, who move from boston to lo angel after vivien had a miscarriag and ben had an affair. thei move into a restor mansion, unawar that the home is haunt by it former inhabit. the second season will featur new charact and a new locat, name an insan asylum. thu, the seri ha been call an antholog. the second season is titl american horror stori: asylum.	the seri center on the harmon famili: ben, vivien and their daughter violet, who move from boston to lo angel after vivien ha a miscarriag and ben ha an affair. thei move into a restor mansion, unawar that the home is haunt by it former inhabit.	
chase classic car	auto,realiti	chase classic car follow ferrari expert and master car restor, wayn carini, as he take viewer on hi person mission to uncov the world's most rare and exot car. film entir in high definit chase classic car give it audienc a true insid's look at the elit club of car restor and collector as wayn bui, restor and sell vintag ride, and the owner of the most exclus and secret garag open up their door onli to wayn		chase classic car follow ferrari expert and master car restor, wayn carini, as he take viewer on hi person mission to uncov the world's most rare and exot car. film entir in high definit chase classic car give it audienc a true insid's look at the elit club of car restor and collector as wayn bui, restor and sell vintag ride, and the owner of the most exclus and secret garag open up their door onli to wayn.	
good morn america	new,commentari,journal	abc's "good morn america" present the new and inform sourc of the dai's topic and journal. the 1st co-host team of david hartman & nanci dussault, 2nd wa sandi hill, 3rd wa joan lunden, 4th charl "charli" gibson, 5th lisa mckree, 6th kevin newman, 7th dian sawyer, and now robin robert and georg stephanopoulo. plu, all the "good morn america" team throughout the year to wake up to the new show and entertain about the u.s.a.	good morn america (abbrevi gma) is an american morn televis show on the abc televis network.  the program featur new, talk, weather and special-interest stori. it is produc by abc new and broadcast from the time squar studio in time squar, new york citi. the current primari anchor ar robin robert and georg stephanopoulo, along with newsread josh elliott, weather anchor sam champion and lifestyl anchor lara spencer	the emmi-win morn new program featur anchor georg stephanopoulo, robin robert, juju chang and sam champion.	
the todai show	comedi,talkshow,commentari		todai (also refer to as the todai show) is a daili american morn televis show on nbc. the first two hour of the show ar anchor by matt lauer and savannah guthri. al roker give frequent weather forecast and natali moral report from the new desk.	todai (also refer to as the todai show) is a daili american morn televis show on nbc. the first two hour of the show ar anchor by matt lauer and savannah guthri. al roker give frequent weather forecast and natali moral report from the new desk.	
the earli show	comedi,talkshow,commentari		the earli show is an american morn televis show broadcast by cb.  charli rose, gayl king, and erica hill were name anchor of the new program.	the earli show is an american morn televis show broadcast by cb.  charli rose, gayl king, and erica hill were name anchor of the new program.	
live! with kelli and michael	commentari,comedi	thi popular and long-run morn talk show ow much of it success to the chemistri between it two host, regi philbin and kelli ripa. although the format is not significantli differ from most other morn show, viewer ar attract to the pair's convers about their famili and person live	live! with kelli and michael is an american syndic morn talk show, host by kelli ripa and michael strahan	live! with kelli and michael is an american syndic morn talk show, host by kelli ripa and michael strahan	
the view	commentari	weekli entertain/art review show host by writer/broadcast john kelli. a panel of variou contributor (author, director, journalist, artist, actor, musician, politician) ar invit to discuss a select of current book, film, perform, exhibit and event		the view is a daytim televis talk show on abc creat by barbara walter, bill geddi, and jessica guff and featur a panel of women as co-host. as of septemb 4, 2007 the panel includ whoopi goldberg, joi behar, and elisabeth hasselbeck; thei ar join by walter, the show's co-execut produc, an averag of three dai a week. the show premier on august 11, 1997. the concept of the view is to showcas women with a rang of perspect, as thei speak with each other as well as with their guest.	
the ellen degener show	comedi,talkshow,commentari	a mix of celebr interview, music perform, audienc particip game, and segment spotlight real peopl with extraordinari stori and talent, host by comedienn ellen degener	the ellen degener show, often shorten to ellen, is an american televis talk show host by comedian/actress ellen degener	a mix of celebr interview, music perform, audienc particip game, and segment spotlight real peopl with extraordinari stori and talent, host by comedienn ellen degener.	
dr. oz	commentari,medic,health,therapi		mehmet cengiz oz, also known as dr. oz, is an american/turkish (dual citizenship) cardiothorac surgeon, author, and televis person. oz first appear on the the oprah winfrei show in 2004 and later on larri king live and other tv program. in 2009, winfrei's harpo product and soni pictur launch the dr. oz show, a daili televis program focus on medic issu and person health.	mehmet cengiz oz, also known as dr. oz, is an american/turkish (dual citizenship) cardiothorac surgeon, author, and televis person. oz first appear on the the oprah winfrei show in 2004 and later on larri king live and other tv program. in 2009, winfrei's harpo product and soni pictur launch the dr. oz show, a daili televis program focus on medic issu and person health.	
dr. phil	commentari,medic,health,therapi		dr. phil is a talk show host by phil mcgraw. after mcgraw's success with hi segment on the oprah winfrei show, dr. phil debut on septemb 16, 2002. on both show mcgraw offer advic in the form of "life strategi" from hi life experi as a clinic psychologist	dr. phil is a talk show host by phil mcgraw. dr. phil offer advic in the form of "life strategi" from hi life experi as a clinic psychologist.	
survivorman	natur,realiti	no food, no shelter, no fresh water - on man alon in the wild for seven dai with onli hi wit and stamina to sustain him	survivorman is a canadian-produc televis program, broadcast in canada on the outdoor life network (oln), and internation on discoveri channel and scienc channel.  in each episod stroud place himself in a uniqu surviv situat. the show is meant to demonstr how on might surviv alon in a remot locat with minim suppli until be rescu. find food, water, and materi to make fire and shelter pose the main challeng of each episod.  accord to it offici websit, the show includ stroud deal with the aftermath of unsuccess or inappropri surviv techniqu and decis. the reason for these error can includ time limit, be unfamiliar with a techniqu, or misjudg weather condit, all frequent encount by peopl in surviv situat. while acknowledg the error and the neg effect on hi emot state that thei can creat, stroud usual remain calm, which is describ as be vital to success surviv	no food, no shelter, no fresh water - on man alon in the wild for seven dai with onli hi wit and stamina to sustain him.	
man vs. wild	natur,realiti	bear gryll travel around the globe to find the most danger tourist locat and environ, in order to show us how to surviv in them. with hi simpl surviv techniqu and hi knowledg of the wildlif, he is abl to give handi tip	man vs. wild, also call born survivor: bear gryll, ultim surviv, surviv game, or colloqui as simpli bear gryll in the unit kingdom wa a surviv televis seri host by bear gryll on the discoveri channel.  the gener format of each episod is the premis that gryll is left strand in a region. the episod document hi effort to surviv and find a wai back to civil, usual requir an overnight shelter of some kind. mostli there ar wild terrain Ð jungl, forest or similar non-urban area.	bear gryll is a season adventur who serv with the special air servic, a special forc unit of the british armi, where he wa train as a surviv expert. hi experi includ climb mount everest, cross the freez north atlant ocean in a small, open boat and climb a himalayan peak describ by sir edmund hillari as 'unclimb'. he ha been place and done thing that would defeat most normal peopl. but now, he is up against someth complet differ. in each episod of man vs. wild bear strand himself in popular wilder destin where tourist often find themselv lost or in danger. as he find hi wai back to civil, he demonstr local surviv techniqu, includ escap quicksand in the moab desert, navig danger jungl river in costa rica, cross ravin in the alp and surviv shark off hawaii.	
david letterman	comedi,talkshow,commentari	the late show with david letterman is an hour-long weeknight comedi and talk-show broadcast by cb from the ed sullivan theater on broadwai in new york citi.	late show with david letterman is a u.s. late-night talk show host by david letterman on cb. the show is produc by letterman's product compani, worldwid pant incorpor. the show's music director and band-leader of the hous band, the cb orchestra, is paul shaffer. the head writer ar brother justin stangel and eric stangel. the announc is alan kalter, who replac bill wendel in 1995. of the major u.s. late-night program, late show rank second in cumul averag viewer over time	david letterman interview guest and host music perform.	
the tonight show with jai leno	comedi,talkshow,commentari	after johnni carson's retir from the show, jai leno step in as hi perman replac. the format of the show ha remain larg unchang, consist primarili of an open humor monologu, follow by sever celebr interview, comedi sketch and music number	the tonight show with jai leno is an american late-night talk show host by jai leno. the program origin from nbc studio in burbank, california, and is broadcast mondai through fridai at 11:35 pm. unlik carson or hi predecessor jack paar, leno onli onc util a guest host, prefer to host the seri by himself	the tonight show with jai leno is an american late-night talk show current host by jai leno, on nbc. it made it debut on mai 25, 1992, follow johnni carson's retir as host of the tonight show. the nightli broadcast at 23:35 (eastern) origin from nbc's studio, in burbank, california.	
late night with conan o'brien	comedi,talkshow,commentari	conan o'brien, a harvard lampoon alumnu, host thi late-night comedi/talk-show which is often silli and whimsic	late night with conan o'brien is an american late-night talk show host by conan o'brien that air 2,725 episod on nbc between 1993 and 2009. the show featur vari comed materi, celebr interview, and music and comedi perform	keep cool my babi! smart-alecki, ribald and whimsic, "late night with conan o'brien" rose to becom a critic darl and dorm favorit after a rocki start in 1993. there ar mani recur charact (includ triumph the insult comic dog, vomit kermit, eyebal o'shaughnessi, nascar-drive gun-tote jesu, masturb bear) and comedi bit (includ new state quarter, what in the world, celebr survei, acut item, conan hate my homeland) that entertain us night after night.	
the ricki lake show	commentari,talkshow	a talk show host by ricki lake, focus on variou topic and issu.	the ricki lake show is an american first-run syndic talk show that is host by ricki lake. the seri also mark her return to talk televis after leav the genr in 2004. after sever year of consid come back to daytim with a new talk show, lake sign on as both host and produc with 20th televis	a talk show host by ricki lake, focus on variou topic and issu.	
the jeff probst show	commentari,talkshow	talk show host by jeff probst that will cover topic rang from newsmak of the dai to famili and individu face challeng	the jeff probst show is an american syndic talk show host by survivor host jeff probst, who also serv as it co-produc. thi is hi first televis talk forai, which is co-produc by big ticket televis, and distribut by cb	talk show host by jeff probst that will cover topic rang from newsmak of the dai to famili and individu face challeng.	
